BBC set for major shake-up, claims newspaper London - The British Broadcasting Corporation, the world #39;s biggest public broadcaster, is to cut almost a quarter of its 28 000-strong workforce, in the biggest shake-up in its 82-year history, The Times newspaper in London said on Monday.
Marsh averts cash crunch Embattled insurance broker #39;s banks agree to waive clause that may have prevented access to credit. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Jeter, Yankees Look to Take Control (AP) AP - Derek Jeter turned a season that started with a terrible slump into one of the best in his accomplished 10-year career.
Flying the Sun to Safety When the Genesis capsule comes back to Earth with its samples of the sun, helicopter pilots will be waiting for it, ready to snag it out of the sky.
Stocks Seen Flat as Nortel and Oil Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open near  unchanged on Thursday after a warning from technology  bellwether Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.N&lt;/A&gt; dimmed hopes, while  stubbornly high oil prices also weighed on sentiment.
Inter Milan seeks redemption win against Juventus It is early in the season for a decisive match, yet Inter Milan-Juventus on Sunday is shaping up as exactly that. Serie A leader Juventus stands 15 points ahead of Inter, but both teams see the meeting as key to their season.
Saudi Arabia cuts oil prices Oil prices eased yesterday as top world exporter Saudi Arabia slashed prices for its westbound crude sales in an effort to shift the large volumes it is offering to cool world markets.
Google Cuts Its IPO Price Range SAN JOSE, Calif. - In a sign that Google Inc.'s initial public offering will not be as hot or big as expected, the Internet search giant reduced the number of shares to be sold by insiders and slashed its estimated per-share price range...
FOCUS: Santander Says HBOS Counterbid To Face Problems LONDON (Dow Jones)--Banco Santander Central Hispano SA (STD), the Spanish bank planning to buy UK lender Abbey National PLC (ANBA), Monday attacked its potential domestic
HP Revises Cluster Plans HP (Quote, Chart) is dropping its efforts to port some Tru64 Unix products to HP-UX with the help of storage player Veritas . The two companies announced a multi-year agreement Thursday that finds HP #39;s sales
Manugistics Fires Its President Manugistics Group Inc. disclosed Monday that it fired its president, as the maker of business software tries to reverse slipping sales, rising costs and a falling stock price. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
US genocide charge is Bush election ploy - Sudan FM (AFP) AFP - Sudan's foreign minister rejected US charges of genocide in the western region of Darfur as a reelection ploy by US President George W. Bush.
Netflix CEO Rates Blockbuster, Amazon Threats (Reuters) Reuters - Netflix Inc chief\executive Reed Hastings said on Friday that Blockbuster Inc has\more to lose in the war for online DVD renters than emerging\foe Amazon.com Inc.
Fake goods tempting young adults Young people are increasingly happy to buy pirated goods or illegal download content from the net, a survey shows.
RealNetworks signs up Red Flag Linux Digital media company signs up a new Linux partner to distribute its audio and video player.
Stop croc water swimming: coroner THE public still did not appreciate how frighteningly dangerous crocodiles were, even after the fatal mauling of a German tourist two years ago, a coroner said today.
O'Brien Sues OSU for  #36;3.4 Million (AP) AP - Former Ohio State basketball coach Jim O'Brien sued the school, claiming he is owed at least  #36;3.4 million because his firing violated terms of his contract.
Construction Spending Hits All-Time High WASHINGTON - Construction spending surged in August to the highest level on record, while manufacturing grew at a slower pace in September, offering mixed signals about the economy's strength.    The Commerce Department reported Friday that the value of buildings put in place clocked in at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of \$1.02 trillion, a record high...
Hewitt Wins Long Island, Sends U.S. Open Warning  COMMACK, New York (Reuters) - Former world number one  Lleyton Hewitt hammered out a warning to his rivals for next  week's U.S. Open as he demolished Peru's Luis Horna 6-3, 6-1,  to win the Long Island Cup on Sunday.
Alaska Brown Bears Gather for Annual Salmon Feast Each summer, the falls at McNeil River turn into a mosh pit of bears. Instead of thumping music, it's the sound of salmon slapping their way up the falls at the McNeil River State Game Sanctuary that sends the bears into a fishing frenzy.
MLB Notebook: Johnson trade still in the works The New York Yankees, Arizona and Los Angeles spent yesterday trying to put the finishing touches on the megadeal that would move All-Stars Randy Johnson, Shawn Green and Javier Vazquez.
MSN #39;s download service expanding Microsoft #39;s has launched its MSN music download service in eight more European countries as the software giant bids to takes on Apple #39;s market leading iTunes.
US Army to withhold portion of Halliburton payments The billing dispute between the US Army and Houston-based Halliburton Co. continues as the Army on Tuesday said it would withhold paying 15 percent of future invoices from Halliburton.
Geminid Meteor Shower Could Be Spectacular DENVER -- Coloradans willing to brave the nighttime cold and get away from the lights of the city could be in for a spectacular show Monday night.
The U.S. Gives Mia Hamm a Golden Farewell  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States gave Hall of Famer Mia  Hamm the perfect send-off Thursday, beating Brazil 2-1 to win  Olympic gold in the women's soccer tournament.
US Considering Incentives for Iran Resigning Iranian Vice-President Mohammad Ali Abtahi, center, and newly appointed Vice-President Majid Ansari, second left, attend a meeting of the central council of their party President Mohammad Khatami accepted Abtahi #39;s resignation, in Tehran, Iran
In Our View: Sanctions not enough for Sudan While most of the country #39;s attention has been focused on Iraq, a human-rights crisis has been unfolding in north Africa. In Darfur, Sudan, more than 50,000 people have been killed and 1.2 million displaced
Apex court permits night viewing of Taj Mahal: India News: New Delhi, Nov 25 : The Supreme Court Thursday permitted the Uttar Pradesh government to allow visitors to view the Taj Mahal on five moonlit nights a month.
Krispy Kreme #39;s hot streak cools The niche doughnuts that rose quickly in popularity are feeling the weight of the low-carb craze and mass marketing. By Deb Kollars and Edie Lau -- Bee Staff Writers.
EU Wants to Cut Greenhouse Gases in Cars, Shoes (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union's battle against\global warming will force companies to change automobile air\conditioning systems and restrict the sale of air-cushioned\sports shoes, European Union ministers said on Thursday.
Solaris will be available for free At yesterday #39;s official launch of the new Solaris 10 operating system in San Jose, Calif., Sun executives said Solaris will be issued next January under an  quot;open-source quot; licensing plan similar to that used by the rival operating system Linux and the
Man dies in blast as Chechens go to polls OISKHARA, Russia - A man tried to bring a suspicious package into a polling station in Chechnya on Sunday, then died in an explosion as he ran away, the head of the Chechen election commission said on Russian television.
Barghouthi Pulls Out of Palestinian Election Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has pulled out of a Jan. 9 presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, a close aide said on Sunday.
Afghanistan takes first difficult steps toward democracy The election for president in Afghanistan may have brought us one small step closer to worldwide democracy. At least the people there left no doubt that they wanted to vote.
Cards power way to victory First came the swing, then the launch and then the sound of 52,347 turning Busch Stadium into a deafening caldron. Then, having given the Cardinals an eighth-inning home run that
Swedish ambassador says diplomats in North Korean saw no sign of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Video footage of the area where North Korea said a huge explosion occurred showed dozens of workers swarming around a dusty construction site resembling a large dam project, while a foreign diplomat who visited the site said Friday he found no sign the
Pesky's patience rewarded Those were tears of joy he didn't even try to hide amid the wild celebration in the Red Sox' locker room last night. Sure, some champagne had been poured on him, but those were Johnny Pesky's emotions on display as he witnessed a scene that he never had a doubt he'd see.
Srichaphan sets up Federer semi Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan on Friday lined up a semifinal clash with world number one Roger Federer as he handed out a 6-2, 7-5 defeat to Dutchman Dennis van Scheppingen at the Thailand Open.
Energy giants pair to pursue liquefied gas plant Two of Canada #39;s biggest energy companies, TransCanada Corp. and Petro-Canada Inc., want to build a \$660 million liquefied natural gas plant in northeastern Quebec to meet North Americans #39; insatiable demand for the fuel.
Comparisons inevitable in draft-day rematch It will be a Saturday afternoon soap opera, with the man the Giants vowed to have and to hold and the one they left at the altar crossing paths on the floor of Giants Stadium.
Lions WR Roy Williams misses game in Dallas Detroit Lions receiver Roy Williams missed Sunday #39;s game against the Dallas Cowboys because of an ankle injury. Williams leads the Lions with 24 catches for 362 yards and five touchdowns, having taken over
New Florida Coach Meyer Names Coaches (AP) AP - Florida coach Urban Meyer nearly filled out his coaching staff Monday, keeping two assistants from Ron Zook's staff and bringing four with him from Utah.
Knicks tighten defense in time When Stephon Marbury practically scraped the sky with a fourth-quarter jumper that barely beat the shot-clock buzzer and gave the Knicks a 12-point lead with 1:59 to play Saturday afternoon, Madison Square Garden began to empty.
Medical Experts Fear Charley's Aftermath PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Until the electricity hums again and the debris is cleared, health officials are worried that there could be more deaths and injuries in Hurricane Charley's aftermath than during the storm itself...
Edwards Calls for Crackdown on Meth Labs (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards called Monday for tighter restrictions on the sale of nonprescription cold medicines that could be used to make methamphetamine.
Coke to alter sales practices Coca-Cola on Friday agreed to alter its sales practices in some European markets, an offer likely to bring to an end a five-year investigation by the European Commission into whether the soft drinks giant was stifling retail competition.
Bungle against Bengals won #39;t do You don #39;t lose to the Bengals. It simply isn #39;t done. Not on Monday night, not on Sunday afternoon, not on Oct. 25, not on the 12th of Never.
Syria under Security Council Scrutiny ... A Gift from Syria to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Syria has turned herself into cannon fodder in the campaigns directed against her during the American presidential election battle-a result of her miscalculations in the Lebanese presidential elections.
IAEA Won't Guarantee Iran Probe Deadline VIENNA, Austria - The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency said Tuesday that he cannot guarantee his probe of Iran's suspect nuclear activities will be complete by November, the deadline sought by the United States and its European allies...
Lufthansa reaches wages agreement German airline Lufthansa reaches a deal with unions on pay and working hours for its ground staff.
Harmison rated best Test bowler ENGLAND fast bowler Steve Harmison is the world #39;s number one bowler, according to the latest PwC Test ratings. The Durham quick #39;s match-winning nine-wicket haul in the fourth and final Test against the West
Optus, Vodafone in 3G link TELCOS Optus and Vodafone Australia will combine to create a national 3G mobile network, just three weeks after rival Telstra Corp entered a similar deal.
Fan slapped with fine, five-year ban for racially abusing Yorke LONDON (AFP) - A British court slapped a 1,000-pound (1,880-dollar) fine and a five-year football ground ban on a fan for hurling monkey chants at Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke.
Beheadings Mark Haiti's Latest Misery  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti, Oct. 7 -- At first it looked like an old glove, black and rubbery and flattened in traffic. But a closer look revealed toenails.
Alitalia, Unions Sign Deal to Split Company Italy #39;s troubled Alitalia airline has reached a deal with eight of nine unions to split the state-controlled firm in two in a plan to stave off bankruptcy.
Ohio St. Forces Turnovers to Top N.C. St. (AP) AP - The Luckeyes' magic is alive and well. Ohio State made up for a shoddy day offensively by forcing five turnovers, and Mike Nugent tied a school record with five field goals to give the ninth-ranked Buckeyes a 22-14 victory over North Carolina State on Saturday.
No Offense: Sox Fall To Rays The Sox, who entered play Tuesday with 28 wins in their last 35 games, continued their gradual descent back to Earth by falling to the Devil Rays, 5-2, in front of another sellout crowd of 35,118 at Fenway Park.
Iraq Again In The Forefront as Australian Election Approaches Australia #39;s election campaign is in its final stages, with the country #39;s role in Iraq again a major talking point. Australian Prime Minister John Howard says he does not need to apologize for joining last
TV Reporter May Be Jailed for Refusing to Disclose Source The reporter was convicted of criminal contempt for refusing to disclose who leaked him an F.B.I. videotape on an investigation of government corruption in Providence.
Indian software services, BPO face worker shortage BANGALORE, INDIA - India's software services and business process outsourcing (BPO) industries could face a shortage of skilled workers in the coming years, according to the National Association of Software and Service Companies (NASSCOM) in Delhi.
Castroneves captures Indy race pole FONTANA (California): Brazils Helio Castroneves dominated qualifying with a lap at 217.479 miles per hour to put his Dallara/ Toyota on the pole for the Toyota Indy 400 on Sunday.
Orange to ship Wi-Fi Pocket 'in October' &lt;strong&gt;Update&lt;/strong&gt; M2000 same as XDA IIs, VPA III, MDA III
Jeter, Yankees Look Dashing Once Again Here it comes. You can feel the rumbling of anticipation now. Just two games into the American League playoffs, we already have a colossal collision coming into focus.
Oil Back Up to  #36;55 on U.S. Winter Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices charged back up to  #36;55 a\barrel on Wednesday as a fresh fall in U.S. heating oil stocks\stoked worries over winter supplies.
Hollywood Steps Into DVD Format Fight (AP) AP - Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy.
Update 1: Asset Writedown Leads to \$3.4B MCI Loss MCI Inc., one of the nation #39;s biggest long-distance operators, lost \$3.4 billion in the third quarter of 2004 due to a previously announced asset writedown of \$3.
Detroit 'African Town' Plan Stirs Debate (AP) AP - Detroit has a Greektown section that tempts visitors with moussaka and baklava, and a Mexicantown neighborhood with Latin American groceries and restaurants. Now, politicians are pushing for a business district identified with the city's biggest minority group  #151; blacks.
Bank of America to cut 4,500 jobs Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) plans to cut about 2.5 percent, or 4,500 jobs from its workforce, and it #39;s unclear how those cuts will affect Austin employees.
Virginia runs to victory over Clemson CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. - Facing the first real test to its dominance this season, Virginia showed Clemson - and the nation - that its numbers haven #39;t just been built against inferior competition.
NBA Suspends Bucks' Fizer for One Game (AP) AP - The NBA suspended Milwaukee Bucks forward Marcus Fizer on Tuesday for one game following his guilty plea on a gun charge.
Taiwan offers to cut troops by 100,000 Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian Wednesday offered to cut the island #39;s troops by 100,000 to ease military tensions with mainland China.
UN Mission Sends Military Team to Investigate Fighting in Eastern &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Following reports of fighting between different factions of former members of the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (FARDC) and weapons distribution to civilians in North Kivu province, the United Nations mission today said it sent a
Eriksson and Gerrard add to England woe ENGLAND #39;S troubled build-up to their Wales showdown continued yesterday with Steven Gerrard #39;s injury diagnosis and fresh uncertainty over Sven-Goran Eriksson #39;s position.
Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Soaring crude prices plus worries\about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to\hang over the stock market this week during the depth of the\summer doldrums.
Iran and Europe Negotiate to Try to Save Nuclear Agreement Iran and its European partners struggled to salvage their agreement committing Tehran to freeze an important part of its nuclear program.
Season Off to Slow Start The nation's retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, reporting sluggish sales for November after a much hoped-for surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize.
A Wedding That Won't Leave You Broke If you're planning a spring or summer wedding, you're probably sweating the details now.
Nov launch for dual-screen Game Boy SEEKING to head off a challenge from video-game rival Sony Corp, Nintendo said on Tuesday that its dual-screen (DS) Game Boy player will hit stores in the United States just in time for the crucial holiday shopping season.
Montana Moves to Resume Bison Hunting (AP) AP - On a spring day in 1990, there was chaos near the border of Yellowstone National Park. Bison were running. Hunters were facing off with activists who were trying to keep them from killing the bison. And D.J. Schubert was in the thick of it, leading the protesters.
Three Georgian soldiers killed in breakaway region clashes (AFP) AFP - Three Georgian soldiers have been killed and five wounded in clashes in Georgia's separatist region of South Ossetia, Rustavi 2 television reported, quoting an unnamed official with the Georgian interior ministry.
Stars and Stripes Are Gone, but There Is Plenty to Salute ENNIFER CAPRIATI had already dispatched Serena Williams, with a little help from the flawed human eye. Justine Henin-Hardenne was long gone, leaving a vacuum at the top of the draw.
Redskins top Lions (11/08/04) The Washington Redskins grabbed a 17-to-10 win over the Detroit Lions at Ford Field. Clinton Portis ran for 147 yards on 34 carries and threw a tiebreaking touchdown pass.
Canada insistent on goal to slice vehicle emissions OTTAWA - Two top Canadian ministers announced this week that they had resolved to cut global-warming emissions of cars and trucks sold in Canada by 25 percent by the end of the decade.
Kasprowicz causes dilemma AUSTRALIA captain Ricky Ponting says the form of Michael Kasprowicz has left the world champions with a problem to solve ahead of the ICC Champions Trophy, which gets underway in England this week.
New York AG to Sue Insurance Broker  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer on Thursday sued insurance broker Marsh   McLennan Cos.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, charging they engaged in market manipulation.
Update 1: Lockheed to Cut 4Q Earnings on Suit Loss Lockheed Martin Corp. Monday said a court ruling in its dispute with the Department of Energy and the state of Idaho will reduce fourth-quarter earnings by \$110 million.
They can #39;t turn down chance to turn corner inally, you can see the corner. It #39;s right there, waiting with all of its trappings. Get past it and you #39;re downwind. Get past it and everything is different.
Congress extends Bush tax cuts for middle class Congress last night passed legislation extending some of President Bush #39;s most-popular middle-class tax cuts - giving Mr. Bush a win heading into the final campaign stretch before Election Day.
EADS Targets \$10 Billion in US Defense Revenue EADS is targeting \$10 billion in defense and security sales in the United States, its top managers said on Thursday, setting an ambitious goal for the European aerospace giant as it looks to crack the world #39;s richest defense market.
Prominent investment banker gets jail term Frank Quattrone, considered the most prominent investment banker of the 1990s technology boom, has been sentenced to 18 months in prison.
Graham finally admits he #39;s coach who turned in THG syringe A mystery at the center of track and field #39;s biggest doping scandal has finally been solved. Top track coach Trevor Graham has admitted he was the coach who anonymously sent a syringe of THG to the US Anti
Eisner Denies Seeing Ovitz as Threatening   GEORGETOWN, Del., Nov. 17 -- Lawyers for plaintiffs in a shareholder suit over Michael S. Ovitz's \$140 million severance package from the Walt Disney Co. suggested on Wednesday that Disney chief executive Michael D. Eisner may have viewed his former protege as threatening.
Revolution need final kick for playoff push Rusty Pierce symbolized the Revolution's break with the past when he joined the team in 2000. The Revolution had qualified for the MLS playoffs once in their first four seasons, then advanced to the playoffs in three of the next four.
Workers' Group Says EPA Censors Comments (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency\censored warnings that a Bush administration plan to build\roads in national forests could harm drinking water, a group\representing government workers said on Monday.
Markets punish Martha further Martha Stewart just can #39;t catch a break. Shares in her former company rose another 12 cents yesterday, to \$11.26, continuing a recovery that began soon after her conviction.
EDS Grounded Too? wait for it -- is a landlubber. Thursday, services firm EDS (NYSE: EDS) said the bankruptcy filing by US Airways could cut
Sooners surprisingly sit third in BCS Standings Southern California and Miami are 1-2 in the initial BCS Standings with Oklahoma -- despite being ranked second in both the ESPN/USA Today and AP polls -- third.
Microsoft #39;s CEO Steve Ballmer: We need a \$100 PC What #39;s one of Steve Ballmer #39;s biggest headaches? It #39;s not Linux or security breaches. It #39;s piracy, the Microsoft CEO said Wednesday.
first profit since merger Corus, Britain #39;s biggest steelmaker, yesterday reported its first profits since the merger of British Steel and Dutch rival Hoogovens five years ago.
Nikkei Up as Economic Optimism Grows  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.39 percent  by midsession on Friday, bolstered by solid gains in stocks  dependent on domestic business such as Kao Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=4452.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;4452.T&lt;/A&gt;.
Italy's Parmalat sues ex-auditors Parmalat issues proceedings against its ex-auditors over their dealings with the insolvent group before its near collapse
Vote counting under way in Afghan election, Karzai expected to win KABUL, Afghanistan Early results show interim Afghan president Hamid Karzai leading in that country #39;s first free presidential election.
Arctic warming is good news for oil companies, but not for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Scientists have worries about the Arctic warming as they have determined that the ice in Greenland and the Arctic is melting too rapidly .
Ireland to tour Japan Ireland have set up a summer tour to Japan to coincide with the Lions trip to New Zealand. The Irish will play two Tests in Tokyo plus one warm-up game which has still to be decided.
P2P Battle Reaches FTC The trade commission hears what's right and wrong with file sharing, but there's no guarantee it will institute regulations. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
Vijay doesn #39;t care if you like him; he #39;s No. 1 now  #39; #39;You guys look so sad, #39; #39; he told reporters after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship on Sunday.  #39; #39;Man, come on, it #39;s not the end of the world.
Wireless to Drive Internet Growth, Tech Leaders Say Wireless services will lead the next growth phase of the Internet as venture capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets again, industry leaders said Monday.
US economic indicators fall; new jobless claims rise A gauge of future business activity fell in August, indicating company managers and US consumers remain uncertain about the economy.
Why The Open-Source Model Can Work In India An Indian Institute of Technology professor--and open-source evangelist--discusses the role of Linux and open source in India. By Larry Greenemeier.
Hynix Under Investigation for Cooking Books It has been revealed that Hynix Semiconductor (formerly Hyundai Electronics) cooked the books to nearly W2 trillion during the latter half of the 1990s and corrected the total misstated amount over several years.
Scoring leaders THE GIRLS Following are the leading scorers in EMass. Information is supplied by league representatives. PLAYER G A Pts 1. J. Vickers, Norwell 32 14 46 2. J. Leaverton, Feehan 26 13 39 3. B. Hogan, Bp. Feehan 26 12 38 3. J. Powers, Andover 24 14 38 5. M. Sheehan, Belmont 21 16 37 5. S. Leonard, Rockland 20 ...
Pakistani firms answer call for cell phones Tens of thousands of Pakistanis endured hours of stifling heat this week to accept an offer of free mobile phone connections, a sign of the pent-up demand in a country where cell phone usage has remained low.
Google Reports First Profit as Public Company Google's third-quarter profit more than doubled, reflecting a continued surge in the online advertising distributed by its Internet-leading search engine.
Freed UN electoral workers in Afghanistan look forward to resuming &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 24 November 2004 - Three United Nations election workers freed yesterday nearly a month after being abducted in Afghanistan today thanked the Afghan people for the support shown during their ordeal and said they were looking forward to getting back to
Martha Stewart starts prison term US lifestyle guru Martha Stewart begins a five-month prison term for lying about her investments.
World Follows U.S. Race by Internet, TV (AP) AP - Satellites and telephone wires bring the battle for the White House to an Internet cafe 7,200 miles away in Addis Ababa, capital of Ethiopia, where Girma Hagos goes for his daily dose of U.S. election news.
UN Report: Anti-Terror War Still Losing The worldwide war on terror is still on the lose-side, as al-Qaeda is still posing as big a threat as ever, according to an alarming United Nations report.
Zimbabwe deports South African trade union fact finders HARARE : Zimbabwean immigration officials ordered a fact-finding mission from South Africa #39;s biggest trade union movement to leave after they defied a government ban, the leader of the South African team said.
Africa 'better in colonial times' The average African is worse off now than during the colonial era, says the brother of South Africa's President Thabo Mbeki.
Krill decline raises concern for Antarctics food chain the heart of the rich Antarctic food chain that nourishes whales, seals and penguins -ave declined by more than 80 percent in the past 25 years in key ocean regions, according
ANALYSIS: Hollywood studios fire heavy salvo in DVD format war True, Monday #39;s thunderbolt from Tinseltown may not be enough to settle the DVD format war. But in a synchronized cluster bomb of press releases, the powerful content producers have sent a clear message to
Disney lawsuit lifts curtain on real-life Hollywood drama LOS ANGELES - This week CEO Michael Eisner tells a court his version of how Walt Disney Co. paid a severance package of \$140 million - yes, that #39;s for not working - to a former close friend after only 14 months at work.
LeFors, Cardinals put Tulane in sorry state NEW ORLEANS -- Stefan LeFors returned to his home state for the final time as a collegian and led Louisville to a record-setting performance.
For Mexicans, a Chorus of Patriotism Citizens of Mexico pause to celebrate 150th anniversary of the country's national anthem.
Nastase Concedes Defeat in Romanian Presidential Election Prime Minister Adrian Nastase said Monday he had conceded defeat in Romania's presidential runoff in a telephone call to opponent Traian Basescu, whom he called "the future president of Romania."
After terror and invasion, Afghans vote (AFP) AFP - Three years after the September 11 attacks on the United States changed the course of Afghanistan's history, the shattered nation votes Saturday in unprecedented presidential elections.
Roethlisberger-Manning matchup calls for measuring stick Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick of the New York Giants (and vice versa), is struggling in his role as the starter. Ben Roethlisberger, the 11th overall pick of the Pittsburgh Steelers, has won a rookie-record 11 straight starts.
Bowe Re-Enters Ring Fresh from being released from federal prison last May, former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe has set up his first comeback bout for Sept. 25
Mickelson goes back to Augusta to tune up Phil Mickelson is finishing off a record season for himself this week at The Tour Championship, but mentally he #39;s been through for a while.
Boy's Murder Case Entangled in Fight Over Antidepressants One murder case has attracted special attention amid a debate over the safety of antidepressant use in children and teenagers.
The sounds of a revolution You can strap it around your arms or wind it around your neck while on your morning jog. And while you jog, you can listen to songs, download and store your personal CD albums directly, listen to FM radio
Profile: Reaction Of Israelis To The Death Of Yasser Arafat And &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leaders and dignitaries from around the world are headed to Cairo for the funeral of Yasser Arafat. The Palestinian leader #39;s casket arrived there today on board a plane from Paris.
Sun pull into first place in East The Connecticut Sun spoiled Sue Bird #39;s return Sunday and pulled into first place in the process. Bird had nine points, seven assists and five rebounds in front of her former hometown
Israeli tank fires shells at group in northern Gaza An Israeli tank fired two shells Thursday morning at a group of Palestinians in the town of Beit Lahiya in northern Gaza, killing two people, hospital officials said.
Ex-Computer Associates CEO Kumar Indicted (AP) AP - Former Computer Associates International Inc. chairman and chief executive Sanjay Kumar has been charged with securities fraud, conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a multibillion dollar accounting scandal at the software company.
Government Spending Up Sharply Locally  Federal procurement spending in the Washington area rose last year at its highest rate since the 1980s, according to a study to be released today, creating tens of thousands of jobs and increasing economic growth disproportionately in Northern Virginia.
Solberg wins first WRC event in Sardinia. Subaru team leader Petter Solberg has won the Rally Italia Sardinia today Sunday, dominating the event from the outset, and eventually taking the honours by 2 minutes 7.9 seconds.
China Bans Video Game for Breach of Sovereignty  BEIJING (Reuters) - China, sensitive about issues of  national sovereignty, has banned a computer sports game that  classifies Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and Tibet as countries and  has threatened to fine Web sites that supply the game and net  cafes that let patrons download it.
Stymiest quits TSX for Royal Barbara Stymiest has resigned as chief executive of TSX Group Inc. to assume the newly created role of chief operating officer at Royal Bank of Canada.
Africa and its children ALERE, Uganda -- Kasmiro Bongonyinge remembers sitting up suddenly in his bed. It was just after sunrise on a summer morning two years ago, and the old man, 87 years old and blind, knew something was wrong.
Brown to press for  #39;Marshall Plan for Africa #39; Gordon Brown has declared that the creation of a  quot;Marshall Plan for Africa quot; is at the heart of the government #39;s agenda for its presidency of the Group of Eight in 2005, seeking
Starbucks launches first of  quot;music bars quot; for CD burning SEATTLE, United States : Coffee shop giant Starbucks said it was launching the first of its  quot;music bars quot; where customers can listen to digital recordings and burn their own CDs.
Bush Agrees to Consider Textile Limits On Friday, just days before the presidential election, the Bush administration agreed to consider a petition from a coalition of embattled textile manufacturers that would limit some imports from China.
Polls point to Howard victory Australians vote in less than 24 hours to choose a new government with most key pointers suggesting the incumbent conservative coalition of Prime Minister John Howard will be returned.
Swiss Army Medicine (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Early last year 61-year-old Judy Norris was ready to stop all treatment and let her cancer run its course. Her kidney tumor, diagnosed in 1997, had spread to her abdomen, pancreas and both lungs. Six months of treatment with toxic interleukin-2, one of the only treatments for advanced kidney cancer, had eroded nerves in her hands and feet, caused frequent vomiting and made her skin peel all over--but did nothing to slow the tumors' relentless growth. In June, in a last-ditch effort to save her life, her oncologist recommended an experimental pill from Pfizer called SU11248. ...
Red Sox Induct Alumni Into Team Shrine (AP) AP - Pedro Martinez, Jason Varitek and more than a dozen other Red Sox free agents might want to take advice from some people who know: Stay in Boston, or you'll regret it.
Federer beats Roddick again For the third time this year, Roger Federer defeated Andy Roddick to win a tournament - the top seed easily winning 6-4, 6-0 to pick up the \$550,000 Thailand Open.
How To Make Phone Calls Online E-mailing your best pal in Thailand or family in Toledo is cheaper than running up a long-distance phone bill. But even brimming with smiley emoticons, text messages lack a certain personal touch.
Chelsea overpower champions Porto LONDON, England -- Jose Mourinho #39;s new club Chelsea defeated his old side Porto 3-1 to leave the European champions with an uphill battle to qualify from Group H of the Champions League.
Iran Will Likely Freeze Nuke Enrichment-Official A senior Iranian official said on Thursday he was optimistic Iran would halt its uranium enrichment program as Europe demands, in a move aimed
Airbus Hopes for 50 Jet Orders by June  PARIS (Reuters) - The president of European planemaker  Airbus said on Saturday he hoped to win around 50 orders for  the new wide-body jet A350 by next June.
Treasuries Yields Near Recent Lows (Reuters) Reuters - Yields on U.S. Treasuries held near\recent lows on Friday as oil topped  #36;49 a barrel, threatening\the outlook for both the economy and stocks.
BSNL, MTNL to launch high-speed Internet (Reuters) Reuters - India's two state-run telephone companies will start high-speed Internet services from Jan. 15 at about a sixth of the prevailing prices, a government statement said on Friday.
Cheney:  #39;We #39;re going to get it done #39; in Iraq With a low-profile, tightly secured arrival at Bagram Air Base, Vice President Dick Cheney became the highest-ranking United States official to visit Kabul since the Taliban #39;s overthrow.
IBM Stops Offering Cash-Balance Pension International Business Machines Corp., taken to court by workers over changes it made to its traditional pension plan, has decided to stop offering any such plan to new employees.
HP  #39;jilts Intel Itanium #39; Intel #39;s biggest customer for its Itanium processor is to stop building workstations built around the chip according to the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.
Spreading Spam LOS ANGELES - This June a barrage of spam popped up in 152,000 in-boxes. They pitched the standard stuff: One was an advertisement for the  quot;Top Drug Store Online, quot; another offered mortgage refinancing, another
At Least 25 Dead in Indian Train Collision -- TV (Reuters) Reuters - At least 25 people were feared killed\Tuesday in a collision between two passenger trains in northern\India, television stations reported.
Summary: Student Finds New Amphibian (AP) AP - THE DISCOVERY: A University of Pittsburgh geology student on a field trip stumbles across the fossil of an oversized, salamander-like creature that lived about 300 million years ago.
Markets surge on oil drop, election Wall Street bounded higher for the second straight day yesterday as investors reveled in sharply falling oil prices and the probusiness agenda of the second Bush administration. The Dow Jones industrials gained more than 177 points for its best day of 2004, while the Standard  amp; Poor's 500 closed at its highest level since early 2002.
Use script to block Windows XP SP2 updates: Microsoft Microsoft has offered yet another way for businesses to block the Automatic Update of Windows XP to the big-deal SP2 upgrade. The developer posted a copy-and-paste script to
Tri-Nations expansion RUGBY in the Pacific Islands has been dealt a huge blow after they were left out of a major shake-up in the southern hemispheres premier tournaments yesterday.
Back to School as Wie Plays a Waiting Game  EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Amateur prodigy Michelle Wie will  spend an uninterrupted few weeks studying at Punahou High  School in Honolulu before the 15-year-old returns to learning  her trade as a would-be professional golfer.
EverQuest II Hunts Newbies The latest massively multiplayer game is aiming to provide a softer, gentler experience for those intimidated by the original EverQuest. For the most part, it succeeds. Review by Daniel Terdiman.
Court Doctors Examine Pinochet for Trial  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Three court-appointed doctors  examined Chile's former military dictator Augusto Pinochet on  Thursday, a key step that will decide whether the 88-year-old  general will stand trial for human rights abuses.
Downloader.GK 'Worst Trojan of 2004' (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The Downloader.GK Trojan was named as the worst piece of malicious code of 2004, according to Spanish anti-virus firm Panda Software.
Dollar Treads Water as U.S. Data Awaited  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar shuffled in narrow ranges on  Tuesday as the market looked to U.S. economic indicators due  later in the day for clues about the pace of monetary  tightening.
Stocks Are Set to Open Slightly Higher NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen slightly higher at the open but a swathe of economic data is likely to influence overall sentiment and direction...
UK wants partial smoking ban, limit on junk food ads LONDON: Britain will announce plans today for a ban on smoking in many public places and a crackdown on television advertising of  quot;junk food quot; aimed at children.
2004 U.S. Hurricane Season Among Worst on Record Insurance adjusters and meteorologists are still crunching numbers and analyzing data, but the 2004 U.S. hurricane season will likely go down as one of the most active on record.
Ace is wild NEW YORK -- Slice it any which way and the pie looks the same. The piece that represents the odds of the Red Sox overtaking the Yankees for the division title after a lost weekend in the Bronx is skinnier than Calista Flockhart.
CRB Button hearing adjourned Motorsport.com. The Contract Recognition Board (CRB) hearing of the Jenson Button/BAR/Williams case has been adjourned until October 16th.
Shareholders rubber-stamp Microsoft payout Approval of changes to employee stock compensation paves way for \$32 billion bonanza for shareholders.
Bronze possible for Hill ATHENS -- Shawn Hill #39;s Olympics are over, but it remains to be seen if he will bring back a medal from Athens. The 23-year-old Mississauga pitcher tossed six quality innings in Canada #39;s 8-5 loss to Cuba on Tuesday night, ending up with a no decision.
Yahoo boosts music portal (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Yahoo, seeking to add e-commerce to its Internet music portal, will pay  #36;160 million in cash to acquire Musicmatch, a critically acclaimed but little known music jukebox and download service.
US moviemakers go after  #39;parasites #39; The Motion Picture Association of America is launching civil and criminal actions worldwide against movie pirates in a bid to curb illegal film downloading.
Brees kept offense cool If ever there were a time for the Chargers offense to panic, this was it. In fact, it seemed as if the group already was a bit unnerved.
Sky #39;s the limit when it comes to Sox spending If you want to get a rise out of a small-market general manager, ask him about the Red Sox being limited by their budget. Already this weekend at the winter meetings, we #39;ve
Charley #39;s insured losses seen hitting \$7.4 billion NEW YORK, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Insurance payments to victims of Hurricane Charley are expected to reach \$7.4 billion, making it the second most costly hurricane to hit the United States, an insurance industry group said on Wednesday.
Iraq Awards First Post-War Oilfield Contracts  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's oil ministry has awarded the  country's first post-war oilfield development contracts to  Turkish and Canadian firms, an oil official said on Thursday.
Toomer, O #39;Hara still questionable for Giants New York Giants receiver Amani Toomer returned to practice Friday and participated in some individual drills, but his status for Sunday #39;s game against the Minnesota Vikings is still undecided.
McLeish hails duo at heart of Gers #39; derby resurgence RANGERS manager Alex McLeish has hailed Alex Rae and Dado Prso as the pillars of strength who have helped turn around the clubs derby-day fortunes.
Space station crew to search for AIDS vaccine The next crew of the International Space Station (ISS) is to contribute to the Russian search for a vaccine against AIDS, Russian cosmonaut Salijan Sharipov said on Friday.
UK Seeks Global Support for Stem Cell Research (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's leading scientific institution\said Monday it is urging countries to back a campaign to stop a\possible ban on stem cell research as part of a global treaty\banning human cloning.
Hong Kong pro-Beijing politicians accuse opponents of misleading public over sex scandal Human rights activists on Wednesday condemned the detention of a Hong Kong pro-democracy politician for allegedly having sex with a prostitute, and his sentencing without trial to six months of  quot;re-education through labor. quot; ...
NASA Picks Swede Launch Site for Balloons (AP) AP - NASA has agreed to launch its largest scientific balloons from a site in northern Sweden, a spokesman said Tuesday.
Stripped down Longhorn still offers gems SEPTEMBER 06, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Even though Microsoft Corp. #39;s much-anticipated Longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some of its other key Longhorn technologies will be available for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003, the next
US Women Win Bronze Medal in Water Polo Center fielder Ellen Estes scored three goals including the decider to help the United States beat Australia 6-5 Thursday in the Olympic women #39;s water polo bronze medal game.
Intel Takes Aim at Microsoft with Linux Push Intel, the worlds largest semiconductor and Microprocessor Company, is officially helping China and other Asian countries adopt Linux over Microsofts popular Windows platform.
Bickering Iraqis Strive to Build Voting Coalition Established Shiite parties and powerful upstarts are feuding, causing their leading cleric to try to pull them together to ensure that the Shiites clearly dominate the new government.
Hamm Admits He Will Be Shocked if He Loses Gold  LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic all-round champion Paul Hamm  admitted he would be stunned if he lost the gold medal he was  awarded in Athens following a judging error.
Knicks #39; new look looking good Already there are tales of Stephon Marbury and Jamal Crawford finishing each other #39;s sentences. The energetic backcourt tandem officially began trading phone calls when
Australia defies Iraq kidnap claim Australia's PM says he will not negotiate with terrorists who claim to have taken two Australians hostage.
AirTran CEO Sees Another Airline Liquidation Soon The US airline industry, riddled with excess supply, will see a significant drop in capacity, or far fewer seats, as a result of at least one airline liquidating in the next year, according to AirTran Airways Chief Executive Joe Leonard.
North Korea says Bush worse than Hitler North Korea has described US President George W. Bush as a tyrannical political imbecile. who put Adolf Hitler in the shade and said Pyongyang could see no justification for talks with his administration.
Aid Flights Resume in Indonesia's Aceh  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Salvage crews dragged a  damaged Boeing 737 cargo jet off the runway at Banda Aceh  airport on Tuesday, clearing the way for flights to resume  bringing in relief aid for Indonesian quake and tsunami  victims.
Kite clings to lead at Schwab Cup Championship Sonoma, CA (Sports Network) - Tom Kite carded a two-under 70 Friday to remain atop the leaderboard through two rounds of the Champions Tour #39;s season-ending Charles Schwab Cup Championship.
Venus, Roddick ousted from Olympics Athens, Greece, Aug. 18 (UPI) -- Americans Andy Roddick and Venus Williams were shockingly eliminated in the third round of the Olympic tennis tournament Wednesday.
Callaway expecting subpar numbers Callaway Golf Co., which has struggled in recent months amid lackluster demand for its equipment, warned yesterday that its results for the third quarter and the year could be far below previous forecasts.
Father bets son against Aussies WELFARE authorities in the Solomon Islands have reacted with outrage after a local soccer fan reportedly offered his eight-year-old son as bait for a bet on the Solomons #39; clash with Australia.
U.S.-Japanese deal on beef imports called election ploy by Canadian cattlemen (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TOKYO (CP) - U.S. and Japanese negotiators struck a deal Saturday to allow  limited imports of U.S. beef into Japan but a Canadian beef industry spokesman called it a rehash of previous agreements and "election hype."
Foreign buyers are back Cross-border investment is rebounding after three lean years as companies take advantage of higher profits and a strong global economy to snap up foreign rivals, the United Nations said yesterday.
Apple to expand European iTunes next month Speaking at the annual Popkomm conference in Berlin, Germany, Apple vice-president of applications Eddie Cue told music executives that the company will expand the online iTunes Music Store
MCI Offers to Pay Part of States' Claims (Reuters) Reuters - MCI Inc. (MCIP.O) has offered to pay\states from 2 cents to 30 cents on the dollar to settle charges\it owes them as much as  #36;2 billion in back taxes, people\familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
California, Mexico advance to next level SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. -- Looking ahead to the US championship game almost cost Conejo Valley in the semifinals of the Little League World Series.
Google Slashes IPO Price Range NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc., the Web search engine, on Wednesday slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited initial public offering to between \$85 and \$95 per share from \$108 to \$135 per share.
Marsh and McLennan #39;s Chairman Steps Down (1010 WINS) (NEW YORK) Marsh and McLennan #39;s chairman and chief executive Jeffrey Greenberg will step down this morning, according to a published report.
Freddie Mac May Face SEC Civil Action  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Freddie Mac &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FRE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FRE.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S.  mortgage finance company, on Wednesday said it may face civil  action from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for  possible violations of securities laws.
Apple extends PowerBook screen repair program Apple Computer is offering free replacement screens to owners of 15-inch PowerBook models whose machines have a flaw that causes the screen to display white spots.
Rapids lose two players in MLS expansion draft Colorado Rapids defenders Antonio de la Torre and Jeff Stewart were selected by CD Chivas USA in the MLS expansion draft on Friday.
Leader Heras pegged back Tour of Spain favourite Roberto Heras lost ground as Spanish compatriot Jose Gutierrez came home alone to win the penultimate stage, a 178-km stretch ending at the summit of Puerto de Navacerrada.
Colombia Rebels May Explore Peace Talks The smaller of Colombia's two leftist rebel groups offered Tuesday to meet with a Mexican mediator to discuss possible peace talks with the government and reiterated its call for a bilateral cease-fire.
Dollar Sinks to All-Time Low Vs Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar plunged to an all-time low  against the euro on Wednesday ahead of an upcoming G20 finance  ministers' meeting in Berlin, as analysts fretted that  officials would do little to stem the greenback's fall.
EA Reports Higher Quarterly Profits  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - No. 1 video game maker Electronic  Arts Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ERTS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ERTS.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday reported higher quarterly profits  on strong demand for titles like Madden NFL 2005, but its stock  price fell after a holiday forecast fell short of Wall Street  expectations.
British takeover of Spanish bank approved Santander, Spain - Shareholders of Spain #39;s largest bank, Banco Santander Central, on Thursday approved the 8,5-billion takeover of British mortgage bank Abbey National.
Likud voters want Sharon to pursue coalition: poll JERUSALEM: Most members of Israel #39;s ruling Likud party want Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to press on with talks to widen his coalition despite a vote by the Likud executive barring any such move, a poll showed on Friday.
Dollar Up on Jobless Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar edged higher on Thursday  after a report showed first-time claims for U.S. unemployment  dropped steeply, but traders said its significance for Friday's  widely anticipated payrolls report was limited.
Sun, Microsoft Move Focus Of Linux Battle To Leader Red Hat Sun and Microsoft are using a common strategy to attack a common enemy--Red Hat. Sun President Jonathan Schwartz fired a major counteroffensive against Linux nemesis Red Hat by unveiling hefty discounts on
U.S. Treasuries on Firm Footing (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices were higher on\Friday, cementing gains made the previous day, in the face of\growing speculation that the pace of U.S. interest rate hikes\could slow.
AP: Rehnquist Plans to Swear in Bush (AP) AP - Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, suffering from thyroid cancer, still plans to preside at President Bush's inauguration on Jan. 20, The Associated Press has learned.
Ubiquitous browser hole an easy target for scammers Dec 10, 2004: A new web browser security hole has been uncovered by a security firm, which could provide scammers with the means to launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on genuine, trusted websites.
Finance Leaders Urge Vigilance on Terror (Reuters) Reuters - Finance officials from all over the\globe gathered under heavy guard on Sunday to push for a\stepped-up fight against terror financing while warning the\poor must not be forgotten.
A tall order awaits Williams but his dream is within reach If Danny Williams did not fully appreciate the sheer size of Vitali Klitschko, he does now. After a series of eyeball-to-eyeball poses for the photographers at yesterday #39;s London press conference to announce
UMass Arrests 35 After Game 6 of ALCS (AP) AP - University of Massachusetts police arrested 35 people early Wednesday morning after the Red Sox tied the Yankees in the sixth game of the American League Championship Series.
Marks  amp; Spencer Announces Shakeup Troubled British retailer Marks  amp; Spencer Group PLC announced a management shakeup Tuesday as it reported lower profits in the six months ending Oct. 2. Chief executive Stuart Rose, who recently fought off
Kuznetsova beats injured Davenport, becomes first Russian woman to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lindsay Davenport hobbled her way out of the US Open, losing a big lead and able to do little but watch Svetlana Kuznetsova win 1-6, 6-2, 6-4 and become the first Russian woman to reach the final at this tournament.
Global Markets: European Shares Climb  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets scaled near-2-1/2  year highs on Friday as oil prices held below \$48 a barrel, and  the euro held off from mounting another assault on \$1.30 but  hovered near record highs against the dollar.
The Vision Thing Tech companies can #39;t just have products. They have to have a vision. At IBM, it #39;s  quot;on-demand quot; computing. At companies in just about any business more complicated than hubcaps, it #39;s  quot;selling solutions.
Wartime security as Karzai campaigns amid spiralling violence (AFP) AFP - Wartime security was rolled out for Afghanistan's interim President Hamid Karzai as he addressed his first election campaign rally outside the capital amidst spiralling violence.
Mercury Astronaut Gordon Cooper, 77 Gordon Cooper, 77, one of the seven original US astronauts, who made the nation #39;s first manned spaceflights and became known as possessors of  quot;The Right Stuff, quot; died yesterday at his home in Ventura, Calif.
Gardenhire #39;s instincts are unreliable They show up at prom with the prettiest girl in school, then get your date #39;s phone number and wink at you on the way out the door.
Red Sox Rally Past Yankees in Ninth (AP) AP - After coming back against Mariano Rivera for the second time this season, the Boston Red Sox think they'll overtake the New York Yankees in the AL East. Orlando Cabrera and Johnny Damon hit RBI singles in the ninth inning Friday night in Boston's 3-2 victory that cut the Yankees' lead to 2 1/2 games.
Miracle in Athens a gold-medal drama ATHENS, Greece -- If you recall, my concerns involved car bombings, kidnappings, beheadings and Al Qaeda. So when the scariest moment of the Olympics involves a defrocked, kilt-wearing Irish priest who tackles
Talks Continue After China Hostage Deadline Passes  CHAGMALAI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Islamic militants holding  two Chinese engineers hostage in Pakistan threatened to kill  one on Monday unless security forces ended a siege of their  hideout, a tactic the interior minister said had echoes of  Iraq.
Rivals in Ukraine Agree to Negotiate Over Vote The two candidates claiming to be president-elect agreed to negotiations, the first sign of an easing of tensions that have risked leading the nation toward civil war.
Softbank, Dentsu, Nippon Meat to Join Nikkei 225 Next Month Softbank Corp., Dentsu Inc. and Nippon Meat Packers Inc. will be added to the Nikkei 225 Stock Average, the compiler of the 55-year-old benchmark said.
US running mates face off The US vice-presidential candidates will debate on Tuesday as the race for the White House remains close.
The 6670, Nokia #39;s new smartphone Launching the latest addition to a now-extensive line of smartphones, Nokia has unveiled the megapixel-enabled 6670 - better described as the serious cousin of the 7610.
Hitachi, Matsushita, Toshiba in LCD Venture Japan's Hitachi Ltd., Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. and Toshiba Corp. struck a deal to jointly make displays for flat-screen televisions, starting as early as July 2006, the companies said Tuesday.
Former Kan. Junior College Coach Indicted WICHITA, Kan. Dec 14, 2004 - A former junior college basketball coach was indicted on charges that he provided false academic information about his athletes to Division I schools looking to recruit the players.
Google Faces Challenge of Public Company Status (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Your name is synonymous with searching the Internet, and you've just raised roughly  #36;1.7 billion from investors by going public. What are you going to do now?
World economy at risk if oil prices remain high: Conference Board OTTAWA - World economic growth will be at risk next year if oil prices remain near all-time highs well into next year, the Conference Board of Canada said Friday.
Houston firm to buy Greensboro petroleum terminal Kinder Morgan Energy Partners LP in Houston has signed a definitive agreement to buy nine refined petroleum products terminals in the Southeast, including one in Greensboro, from Charter Terminal Co.
Lost Votes in N.M. a Cautionary Tale Four years ago, about 2,300 voters cast their ballots before Election Day on state-of-the-art, push-button electronic voting machines. For 678 of them, their votes were never recorded.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Chiefs Staying Positive Before Home Game They will be playing at home and this is not a playoff game, so the Kansas City Chiefs have every reason to expect that they will look like a completely different team when they face the Carolina Panthers on Sunday in a tussle between 0-1 teams.
McGrady receives a three-year extension The Rockets made McGrady smile Monday, giving him a three-year contract extension worth \$63 million. That, coupled with the three years he had remaining on his existing
Stowers Expansion Hinges On Stem Cell Research KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Stowers Institute of Medical Research will not build its second center in Missouri if the state outlaws stem cell research, Stowers president William Neaves said Friday.
N. Koreans Seek Asylum in Beijing School Chinese parents pick up their children at the gate of the Korean School in Beijing Friday Oct. 22, 2004. As many as 29 North Korean asylum seekers entered the school earlier Friday, and told school authorities
Speech recognition  #39;on-a-chip #39; inside three years The US National Science Foundation has awarded a \$1m grant to researchers in the US who want to put speech recognition on a chip, a move the project #39;s proponents claim will revolutionise the way we communicate.
Evening Gazette Our Say The Royal Mail #39;s proud boast that it is making 1m a day profit will come as little consolation to those who feel the service is still poor.
European craft to probe  #39;moon colonies #39; A tiny craft powered by Star Trek #39; technology is standing at the  quot;gateway quot; to the moon - and a landmark date in the history of European space exploration.
Mets to interview Backman The Mets may reach back into one of their most successful eras in their manager search. Wally Backman, the sparkplug second baseman on the 1986 championship team
Feds Indict CA Ex-CEO Kumar Months of legal woes and executive shuffling came to a resolution of sorts last week for Computer Associates. Federal prosecutors indicted former CEO Sanjay Kumar for back-dating contracts
Apple #39;s iMac is no longer flagship product The last time Apple Computer Inc. introduced an all-new iMac computer, back in January 2002, Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs was featured smiling with the desktop on the cover of Time magazine.
Last-minute TD stops Maine Justin Rascati completed 19 of 28 passes for 197 yards and two touchdowns, including a game-winning 23-yarder to D.D. Boxley with 47 seconds remaining, as James Madison stayed undefeated in the Atlantic 10 with a 24-20 victory over Maine at Orono yesterday.
Gallacher #39;s wedge shot wraps up  #39;dream #39; title A famous name once more adorns a European Tour trophy after Stephen Gallacher won the Dunhill Links Championship yesterday at St Andrews.
Cowboys bring out the worst in Garcia IRVING, Texas - Browns quarterback Jeff Garcia didn #39;t need a complicated formula to tell him he played the worst game of his career.
Payrolls Grow, But Miss Target (CBS/AP) The Labor Department said Friday that employers #39; payrolls increased by 96,000 overall in September while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.4 percent.
Famous film maker put up for sale Ilford Imaging, the world's largest producer of black and white camera film, is up for sale after going into administration.
French court to rule on Sikh boys A French court will rule on whether a new law bans three Sikh boys from wearing the under-turban to school.
Ailing Tiger Two Back at American Express (AP) AP - Tiger Woods hardly looked like himself until a painful first round at the American Express Championship was over and he signed for a 4-under 68, two shots out of the lead at a tournament he has won the last two years.
( 3) Miami 41 (18) Louisville 38 MIAMI Frank Gore scored the winning touchdown on a one-yard run with 49 seconds left as third-ranked Miami rallied to beat number-18 Louisville 41-to-38 at the Orange Bowl.
iPod: How Long Will It Reign? You don #39;t have to look around for long to see that Apple #39;s (AAPL ; S amp;P investment rank, 3 STARS, hold; recent price, \$67.21) iPod digital music player has made waves in pop culture.
Report: Egypt brokers Israeli-Palestinian cease-fire, peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The official news agency of Egypt says leaders there have reached an understanding with Israel, the Palestinians, the United States and Europe.
Mortars Mark Opening of Iraqi Political Conference  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents fired mortars at a meeting  where Iraqi leaders met to pick an interim national assembly  Sunday, killing at least two people in a grim reminder of the  country's tortured path toward democracy.
N.Korea May Be Preparing Missile Launch-Paper (Reuters) Reuters - The United States and Japan have detected\signs that North Korea is preparing to launch a ballistic\missile that could hit almost all of Japan, a Japanese\newspaper said on Thursday.
Earnings of Electronics Makers Improve (AP) AP - Two Japanese electronics makers reported improved fiscal first-half earnings Friday, with profits at Hitachi Ltd. surging nearly eight-fold, while Toshiba Corp. rebounded to profitability from a loss the previous year.
When Spitzer Speaks, Insurers Take Note A financial industry that had grown comfortable with its regulators is reeling after the New York state attorney general filed charges of wrongdoing and denounced practices that the industry - and its regulators - had viewed as acceptable.
Game publisher Acclaim on verge of bankruptcy? Financially troubled game publisher Acclaim Entertainment was expected to file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy protection this week, after laying off more than 600 employees, according to sources closes to the company #39;s management.
US junior rider wins silver at cycling worlds Rebecca Much of the United States won the silver medal in the junior time trial Monday at the road cycling world championships. Tereza Hurikova of the Czech Republic was the winner, following her bronze medal on a mountain bike Sept.
Cardiff to host FA Cup semi-finals Cardiffs Millennium Stadium will host this seasons FA Cup semi-finals as well as the final. It will be the first time the venue has hosted the semi-finals, with Old Trafford and Villa Park having been favoured in recent years.
Two charged in hijacking bus; government tries to avoid backlash &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS, Greece Formal charges, and an appeal for calm. They #39;re the latest developments in the arrests of two Albanian immigrants charged with staging an 18-hour bus hijacking and hostage siege in Athens.
Moon gas could meet earth #39;s energy demands A potential gas source found on the moon #39;s surface could hold the key to meeting future energy demands as the earth #39;s fossil fuels dry up in the coming decades, scientists said.
Reports: Blasts Rock Madrid Gas Stations MADRID, Spain - Spanish media are reporting that at least one explosion -- and possibly as many as four blasts -- have gone off in Madrid following a warning from a Basque (search) group.
End of Series will bring a lot of questions Now what? Was winning the World Series truly the last hurrah for franchise players Pedro Martinez and Jason Varitek and more than a dozen teammates, including Derek Lowe and Orlando Cabrera , who are eligible for free agency?
Google Shares Jump 18 In NASDAQ Debut Google Shares Jump 18 In NASDAQ Debut\\Google stock shares rose 18 percent in their NASDAQ stock market debut yesterday, after a scaled-down \$1.67 billion IPO marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions. Google co-founder Larry Page and chief executive Eric Schmidt showed up at the Nasdaq stock market as Google ...
Palestinians won #39;t bring anti-Israel draft to General Assembly The Palestinians have decided not to bring a draft resolution condemning Israel #39;s military operation in the northern Gaza
EAGLES TAKE OFF AT LAST PALACE #39;S leading goal-scorer Andy Johnson was jubilant last night after giving the Eagles Premiership lift-off. The Selhurst Park forward drew first blood eight minutes after half-time with his fifth league goal of the season.
Car explodes in  quot;act of sabotage quot; in Damascus DAMASCUS, Dec 13 (AFP) - A car belonging to a Palestinian exploded in a residential district of Damascus on Monday, in what the Syrian authorities said was an  quot;act of sabotage.
Sinai bombs toll rises to 11 THE number of Israelis killed in a series of deadly bombings in Egypt #39;s Sinai peninsula rose to 11 today after four more victims were identified, including two children, Israel police said.
In Sudan, No Clear Difference Between Arab and African The Darfur crisis has laid bare an unspoken Arab-African fault line that runs from Mauritania in the west, to Sudan in the east.
Packers Activate Cornerback McKenzie (AP) AP - The Green Bay Packers activated cornerback Mike McKenzie and waived tight end Sean McHugh on Saturday.
Czechs Trounce Sweden to Reach World Cup Semi-Finals  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Czech Republic reached the World Cup  semi-finals by outclassing Sweden 6-1 thanks to some efficient  counter-attacking hockey on Tuesday.
Eagles' McDougle Has Irregular Heartbeat (AP) AP - Philadelphia defensive end Jerome McDougle missed practice Friday because of an irregular heartbeat and was doubtful for the Eagles' game this weekend against Cleveland.
Japan Stocks Open Lower  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.39 percent  at the opening on Tuesday after a rise in crude oil to another  record high put a damper on the appetites of investors  returning from a three-day weekend.
JBoss delivers aspect orientation with Version 4.0 Open source application servers vendor JBoss Inc will today release version 4.0 of its core JBoss AS product, which is claimed to be the first open source application server to support AOP (aspect oriented programming) for Java.
Selig Receives Three-Year Extension  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Owners on Thursday  unanimously voted to extend the term of baseball commissioner  Bud Selig for three years through 2009.
Priest Who Disrupted Olympics in Abuse Trial  LONDON (Reuters) - A former Irish priest famous for stunts  that disrupted the marathon at the Athens Olympics and  Britain's Grand Prix denied charges on Wednesday of indecency  with a schoolgirl.
S amp;P upgrades Illinois Power to investment-grade Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Friday upgraded the debt ratings for Illinois Power Co. to investment grade status, after the company was acquired by investment-grade rated Ameren Corp.
Canada's Cup Victory May End Up Half Empty In what might have been the last high-level hockey game for a long time in North America, Canada won the World Cup of Hockey.
Drugs in Sport: Four-Year Ban For Alvin Harrison, Admitted PED Use Alvin Harrison, the 2000 Olympic silver medallist in the 400 meters, received a four-year suspension from the sport after admitting he used several undetectable performance-enhancing
Microsoft unveils Works 8 The dictionary module has been integrated into the word processor and is also a stand-alone application in the Works Task Launcher. A thesaurus has been included, as well as the option to set parental controls.
Yahoo Unveils Budget Domains Deal Domain hosting and parking services drop in price, rise in capacity to lure small businesses. Trying to attract more small business customers, Yahoo has introduced a new domain name registration service and significantly increased the storage space and ...
Baseball-Backe Pitches Astros to 2-1 Series Lead  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Brandon Backe, a little-known local,  who arrived in the shadow of famous hometown heroes Roger  Clemens and Andy Pettitte last winter, brought the Houston  Astros to within a game of the franchise's first postseason  series victory in an 8-5 win over the Atlanta Braves Saturday.
Auction for Shares in Google's IPO May End Google Inc.'s initial public offering took a major step forward as the company notified investors that Tuesday may be their last chance to submit, withdraw or change bids in the unusual \$3 billion electronic auction for stock in the Internet giant. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Adapting to shift in tech landscape Research firms rode high during the high-tech boom, advising businesses to use technology to cut costs and boost efficiency.
Eustachy Returns to Iowa, but Loses Game (AP) AP - Larry Eustachy returned to Iowa with a new look and a new attitude. He also picked up a technical foul. Some things never change.
In Mars rock, telltale ripples and mysteries NEW YORK With one Mars rover climbing into the hills and the other descending deep into a crater, scientists reported the discovery of several mysterious rock structures, along with yet more signs that Mars was once awash in water.
State: California gained 4,900 payroll jobs in September LOS ANGELES - California #39;s economy gained 4,900 payroll jobs in September, the state #39;s Employment Development Department said Monday.
British Hostage in Iraq Begs for Release (AP) AP - The Arab news network Al-Jazeera on Wednesday broadcast footage of British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to work for his release.
Apple iTunes signs Oasis exclusive Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store has signed an exclusive deal to distribute digital versions of Oasis #39; tracks. Apple #39;s success in signing Oasis to its service means that a new selection form the band #39;s
Fans offside as tycoons target English clubs DIVIDED down the years by the rawest rivalry in English football, Manchester United and Liverpool found their histories converging at the weekend as both clubs braced themselves for imminent takeover.
Clark: Weekend fights prove need for division of sports fans &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For some reason, noon just comes way too early, and making it to campus is a struggle. I thought one of my professors was going to be a stickler about it and dock me some points, but I had a talk with him to calm him down.
NL Wrap: Pujols Drives in Five Runs as Cardinals Rout Reds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols homered for the fifth  time in the last four games and drove in five runs as the St  Louis Cardinals routed the Cincinnati Reds 10-5 in National  League play at Busch Stadium on Monday.
Navy-Rutgers Game Attracts Bowl Interest (AP) AP - Navy is a wanted team  #151; for a bowl game, that is. Officials from five bowls will attend Saturday's game against Rutgers, with the Midshipmen in strong position to land their second straight postseason berth.
Williams wins, faces Russian in Beijing final Top seed Serena Williams battled her way into the China Open final yesterday, overcoming two service breaks to defeat Vera Zvonareva of Russia, 6-2, 6-3.
Mourinho tips Kezman to take chance CHELSEA meet their nouveau riche counterparts from Russia tonight, but Jos Mourinhos desire for a compact squad has left him with a lack of strength up front for the Champions League encounter with CSKA Moscow.
Creative declares marketing 'war' against iPod (MacCentral) MacCentral - Creative Technology Ltd. Chief Executive Officer Sim Wong Hoo told reporters in Singapore his company plans to spent US #36;100 million in 2005 in a marketing war aimed squarely at Apple Computer Inc.'s iPod. "The MP3 war has started and I am the one who has declared war," Hoo said.
US Seals Off Iraq #39;s Falluja, Air Raids Kill Three The US military blocked roads round Iraq #39;s rebel-held city of Falluja on Friday after mounting air strikes overnight that local hospital sources said killed three people.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Houston at San Francisco (10:15 p.m. EDT). Jason Schmidt goes for his 17th win for the Giants, a half-game ahead of the Chicago Cubs in the NL wild-card race and a half-game behind Los Angeles in the West.
Ethics Panel Rebukes DeLay Twice in a Week WASHINGTON - The House ethics committee Wednesday criticized House Majority Leader Tom DeLay for conduct that appeared to link political donations to legislation and for improperly contacting U.S. aviation authorities for political purposes, House sources said Wednesday...
Scots missing stars Scotland rugby coach Matt Williams will be forced to name a side from a squad missing nine of his England-based players for the upcoming Test against Australia at Murrayfield.
Lowe's Reports Increase in Second-Quarter Net Income Lowe's reported a 17.9 percent increase in net income during its second quarter, but results missed Wall Street expectations.
Spammers given boot by net host A campaign by anti-spam groups has persuaded a large US net service provider to ban spammers using its network.
Back to front switches blamed for space probe crash It shouldn #39;t happen to a scientist: investigators have found that the \$250m (139m) Genesis space probe, which crash-landed in the Utah desert last month, failed because the switches designed to trigger its parachute were installed backwards.
European heavyweights give Iran last chance to come clean on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA : Europe #39;s three heavyweight states are to give Iran a last chance prove it is not secretly developing atomic weapons, offering valuable nuclear technology as a carrot and possible UN sanctions as the stick.
Most Arab Governments are Putting Their Stock in George Bush for a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Most Arab governments have decided to put their stock in George W. Bush for another term, concluding prematurely that the American presidential elections have been decided in favor of the Republican candidate.
Microsoft Sues 7 Spammers Microsoft indicated that the defendants used compromised computers around the world, using so-called zombie computers. By TechWeb.
Young banned for life after 2nd doping violation United States sprinter Jerome Young was banned for life by the US Anti-Doping Agency yesterday following his second positive test for an illegal steroid in a case that could affect a US relay team #39;s gold medal from Sydney.
Market Report A flurry of corporate updates failed to inspire investors today as the FTSE 100 Index slipped back towards the 4700 barrier. Catering group Compass and Rentokil
Rison Given Option for Release Former Pro Bowl receiver Andre Rison was given the option of paying \$10,000 to get out of jail after spending almost a month locked up for failing to pay child support.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: New MSN Search Goes LIVE in Beta - Microsoft To Launch New Search Engine - Google Launches 'Google Advertising Professionals' - Organic vs Paid Traffic ROI? - Making Money With AdWords? - Link Building 101
Ice yields ancient 'plant matter' Scientists drilling ice cores in Greenland have recovered what appear to be plant remains from nearly 3km (two miles) below the surface.
Air Force Looks at New Microwave Weapon (AP) AP - The Air Force expects planes will be able to fire non-lethal microwave rays at enemy ground troops with the help of a new superconducting generator system developed at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base after about 25 years of research.
Cox Enterprises to Buy Cox Public Stake (Reuters) Reuters - Cox Enterprises Inc. on Tuesday said\it will purchase Cox Communications Inc.'s  minority\public stake for  #36;8.3 billion, in a move to privatize the\publicly traded cable company and insulate it from the short\term demands of Wall Street.
Playing the Touching Game Think fast -- Mario #39;s plummeting to Earth, and there #39;s nothing for the poor little guy to hang onto. So you take your stylus and draw him a trampoline.
TV REPORTER DROWNS ON ASSIGNMENT Taipei, Oct. 25 (CNA) A local TV reporter was swept away by floodwaters and drowned while covering Typhoon Nock-Ten in Taipei County Monday morning.
Interfor offers \$396M for Riverside Forest Products in friendly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER (CP) - International Forest Products is muscling aside other bidders for Riverside Forest Products, offering \$396 million in a deal endorsed by Riverside #39;s board that would create the world #39;s seventh-largest lumber producer.
Second-Half Success Is an Edwards Tradition In Coach Herman Edward's first three seasons, the Jets went 4-4, 6-2 and 5-3 after the halfway point.
Indian droughts 'may hit economy' The Indian central bank warns that drought and the high global price of oil may force it to lower its GDP forecasts.
Columnists: Bill Gates Is Right? Bill Gates is right about one thing: asking people to use a two-factor form of authentication would go a long way toward alleviating a lot of the password problems that plague computer security today.
Johnson rides into  #39;playoffs #39; with hype, skill on his side It might make the racing crowd cringe, but what NASCAR boss Brian France is doing to manufacture excitement at a time of the year when racing usually hits a lull and sports fans
Diabetes delay adds to AstraZeneca #39;s ills The UK #39;s second largest pharmaceutical company, AstraZeneca, yesterday admitted another setback in the development of some of its drugs, as it delayed the expected launch of diabetes treatment Galida for a year.
Bush's lead gets smaller in poll (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - President Bush leads Sen. John Kerry by 8 percentage points among likely voters, the latest USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll shows. That is a smaller advantage than the president held in mid-September but shows him maintaining a durable edge in a race that was essentially tied for months.
Despite judging error, Hamm #39;s gold medal shows no tarnish Let me be clear here, since some self-righteous columnists who wouldn #39;t know a handstand from a night stand have entered the fray: Paul Hamm should not give up his gold medal.
Russian Cosmonaut to Travel With the Next Space Station Crew A Russian cosmonaut will travel to the International Space Station with the outpost #39;s next two-man crew when it launches aboard a Russian Soyuz spacecraft next month, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration said.
Barbour makes decisive move Donors come up with much of the money As soon as Sandy Barbour arrived as Cal #39;s athletic director in September, she knew she would be judged by one criterion: Could she keep Jeff Tedford?
Britain: Weapons Report Proves Hussein Was a Threat Britain says a CIA report that concludes Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction before the US-led invasion last year nonetheless confirms that Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein posed a threat that could not be ignored.
Video Game Maker Acclaim Files for Bankruptcy  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Video game publisher Acclaim  Entertainment Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AKLM.PK qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AKLM.PK&lt;/A&gt;, which has been hampered by a lack  of hit titles, filed for bankruptcy liquidation on Thursday  after failing to line up new financing.
Long-Necked Sea Monster Snuck Up on Victims A long-necked sea reptile that lived millions of years ago in what is now China may have used its stiff neck to sneak up on unsuspecting prey and suck them in, scientists said on Friday.
American Airlines Says More Job Cuts Arriving FORT WORTH, Texas -- American Airlines says more job cuts are on the way after the airline had already planned about 1,000 layoffs.
Topics A, B and C in Run-up to Debate: Jobs, Jobs and Jobs John Kerry will assail President Bush tonight as the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a four-year term with fewer Americans working than when he began.
NBA Wrap: Returning Trio Help Pistons End Losing Skid  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chauncey Billups scored 21 points in  his return to the line-up as the host Detroit Pistons also  welcomed back coach Larry Brown and Ben Wallace with a 93-85  triumph over the Minnesota Timberwolves Wednesday.
Reports of Kim #39;s demise exaggerated  quot;DON #39;T have a reaction, I #39;ll leave it to the analysts, quot; responded US State Department official Adam Ereli to questions about the significance of reports that North Korea #39;s media had stopped calling Kim Jong-il  quot;Dear Leader quot;.
Bank on it: Tour will return NORTON -- Several players said yesterday they were thrilled to hear that the Deutsche Bank Championship has committed for two more years at TPC Boston.
Srichaphan sets up clash with Henman in Paris Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand beat Argentine Mariano Zabaleta 7-6 (3), 6-4 in a first round match Monday at the Paris Masters, setting up a clash with defending champion Tim Henman.
Bomb blast fails to stop NZ Hockey, but Aussies pull out New Zealand Hockey boss Ramesh Patel is sticking to his guns over the national men #39;s team #39;s participation in the Champions Trophy in Pakistan despite Australia waving the white flag yesterday because of security concerns.
Tiffany Posts Unexpected Dip in Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Luxury jeweler Tiffany   Co.    on  Thursday posted an unexpected drop in quarterly earnings and  slashed its profit forecast, as weak silver jewelry sales in  Japan and higher diamonds and precious metals costs more than  offset improved U.S. sales.
Nigerian troops leave for Darfur Nigerian troops left for Sudan #39;s Darfur province on Monday as part of an African Union force mandated for the conflict-torn region, military officials said.
Broadband Pushes Europe Web Users to 100 Million More than half of Europe #39;s Internet surfers now have a high-speed broadband connection at home, which has helped to push the number of Web users in Europe through the 100 million mark, a survey found on Thursday.
Mladin Release From Road Atlanta Australia #39;s Mat Mladin completed a winning double at the penultimate round of this year #39;s American AMA Chevrolet Superbike Championship after taking
Top Seed Henman Falls to Ljubicic in Madrid  MADRID (Reuters) - Top seed Tim Henman slumped to a 6-4,  4-6, 6-2 defeat by big-serving Croatian Ivan Ljubicic in the  Madrid Masters third round Thursday.
Myanmar #39;s foreign minister, deputy fired MYANMAR #39;S military junta yesterday dismissed the Foreign Minister and his deputy in an unexpected Cabinet reshuffle that saw two other ministers also fired.
Nelson living magical dream The expression rarely changes, but for a moment, Orlando Magic point guard Jameer Nelson let his guard down. An all-American point guard and consensus college player of the year last season at St.
Royal Doulton in takeover talks China maker Royal Doulton has revealed it is in talks about a takeover by Irish rival Waterford Wedgwood. Stoke-based Doulton, which is to close its last remaining current UK factory next year, said it was in  quot;advanced discussions quot; with Waterford.
Tension-Filled Nights Loom for Europe's Big Guns  LONDON (Reuters) - The remaining seven vacancies in the  first knockout stage of the Champions League will be decided  this week with some of Europe's biggest clubs anxiously  considering their fates.
Taiwan's Acer reports lower-than-expected net profit (AFP) AFP - Acer Inc., Taiwan's top personal computer maker, said its net profit for the first three quarters to September fell 34.8 percent to 3.83 billion Taiwan dollars (114 million US).
At St. Helens, Little Lava but Plenty of Data Today scientists observe volcanoes from much greater distances and can send data across the Internet to scientists around the world.
One in Four Bird Species May Die Out This Century By the end of the century one in 10 species of birds in the world will be extinct and a further 15 percent will be on the brink of extinction.
Falcons Sign Crumpler to Contract Extension (Reuters) Reuters - The Atlanta Falcons\Monday signed Pro Bowl tight end Alge Crumpler to a six-year\contract extension.
NEWBERY DIVES AND BINGS UP GOLD Chantelle Newbery has jumped into sporting history by winning Australias first Olympic diving gold medal since 1924 in the women #39;s 10 metre platform in Athens.
Turkey Must Increase Kurds #39; Rights -Verheugen Turkey must go further in improving its Kurdish minority #39;s cultural rights, EU Enlargement Commissioner Guenter Verheugen said on Tuesday.
Space stationsa mess until shuttle resumes So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away - done during a recent spacewalk -as
IBM launches Websphere 6 IBM today announced that Websphere 6, the long awaited-update to its application server software, will be available by the end of the year.
Late Street spurt to buoy bourses start (FT.com) FT.com - European bourses are seen starting positively after a late spurt on Wall Street thanks to encouraging results from technology stalwarts IBM and Texas Instruments. A slide in oil back to  #36;53.30 from its  #36;55.33 peak on Monday also helped.
Scientists Think Data From Space Capsule Can Be Salvaged Samples and data inside the wrecked Genesis space capsule appear intact enough to salvage most of the mission's science, optimistic researchers said Friday.
Yahoo Gives Web Site a Facelift (AP) AP - Internet powerhouse Yahoo Inc. has given its popular Web site a facelift to highlight some of the features that the company has been improving during the past year.
Men, Women More Different Than Thought (AP) AP - Beyond the tired cliches and sperm-and-egg basics taught in grade school science class, researchers are discovering that men and women are even more different than anyone realized.
E-Mail Scam Dupes Linux Users Red Hat Inc. on Saturday warned users of an e-mail scam designed to plant malicious code on users #39; systems. The malicious e-mail poses as a security update from the vendor, a technique
Media General expects fourth, full-year earns to top expectations Media General Inc. said Tuesday it expects fourth-quarter and full-year earnings to exceed Wall Street estimates, primarily due to the robust performance of its broadcast division.
Microsoft, Amazon.com file phishing, spamming lawsuits Microsoft Corp. and Amazon.com Inc. filed one joint and several separate lawsuits on Monday against companies and individuals accusing them variously of trying to defraud
Armed Militiamen Worry Sudanese Refugees (AP) AP - Armed militiamen surged into a western border area where some Darfur refugees attempted to return to their raided village, U.N. security officials said Sunday, raising further concern about how quickly 1.4 million displaced Sudanese could return home safely.
EMC hires former IBM veteran as CTO EMC last week said it has hired former IBM veteran Jeffrey M. Nick as chief technology officer for the storage vendor. Nick, who left IBM in June following 24 years with the company
Vegas comes to Wembley with \$600M casino plan Rundown land surrounding London #39;s Wembley Stadium will be transformed into a glitzy \$600 million gambling resort in a joint venture between US group Caesars Entertainment and Britain #39;s Quintain Estates.
THE SONG REMAINS THE SAME The Recording Industry Association of America has wielded a heavy legal arsenal in its war against illegal music downloads, including filing another round of lawsuits on Thursday - this time against 762 people.
U.S., Australia Women to Face Off Again (AP) AP - At first glance, it would seem to be the perfect matchup  #151; a dream draw, if you will. All the United States has to do to claim a third straight gold medal in women's basketball on Saturday is beat Australia, which is 0-12 against U.S. teams in the Olympics and world championships.
Benitez Laughing All the Way to the Bank Rafael Benitez won a prized reputation in Spain as a lucky manager...and hes certainly brought all that good fortune with him to Liverpool.
Rise of the Robots: Segway Platform Gives Mechanoids Motion (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A military project aimed at building smarter robots has given researchers the wheels they need to make their automatons go.
Sharon Vows to Expand Gaza Raid, Toll Tops 50  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon vowed on  Sunday to widen an offensive into Gaza which has killed over 50  Palestinians until militants stop firing rockets that have  fueled criticism of his plan to quit the occupied strip.
The  #39;Chase #39; brings new drama to NASCAR Saturday #39;s Chevy Rock  amp; Roll 400 at RIR was the season #39;s 26th event, the last chance for drivers to qualify for the 10-race Chase, NASCAR #39;s version of team-sport playoffs.
I thought I saw a shove, but I guess I need glasses Nothing happened, Reggie Wayne said. Nothing happened when the Indianapolis Colts wide receiver and Peyton Manning went face mask to face mask on the sideline late in Sunday #39;s game.
ATA #39;s cash situation worsening ATA Airlines Inc. #39;s cash crunch has worsened since August, the Indianapolis carrier #39;s owner warned investors today, raising concerns among analysts that a bankruptcy protection filing may be near.
'Unit' Deal Unresolved The Yankees, Diamondbacks and Dodgers are still working to complete a deal that would put Randy Johnson in pinstripes, send Shawn Green to Arizona and land Javy Vazquez in Los Angeles.
FedEx Is Flying High The company reported strong fiscal second-quarter results and positive trends seem likely to continue to drive healthy growth.
Explosions rock Argentine banks A series of blasts rocks bank branches in the Argentine capital, Buenos Aires, killing a security guard.
Charles Arthur On Technology Three years ago, the first people to order an Apple iPod - announced as a  quot;breakthrough digital device quot; on 23 October 2001 - started receiving boxes in the post.
Sanders Nears Return Ravens defensive back Deion Sanders appears close to returning for Sunday's game against the New York Giants.
Senate Expected to Approve Bill Overhauling Intelligence Today As debate in the G.O.P.-controlled Senate opened, the chamber's leaders predicted the bill would easily pass.
Sony #39;s PlayStation Portable goes on sale TOKYO - Sony Computer Entertainment Inc entered the handheld video game market Sunday with the sale of its new PlayStation Portable, pitting it against competitors ahead of the holiday sales period.
I.B.M. Offers \$10,000 to Owners of Contaminated Houses The company is willing to pay \$10,000 each to the owners of nearly 500 contaminated homes in an upstate village if the owners give up their right to sue over pollution.
LeBron, Cavs downs Pistons without a fight Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - LeBron James poured in a career-high 43 points to lead Cleveland to an easy 92-76 win over Detroit at Gund Arena.
Strong Quake Reported in Philippines - U.S. Agency (Reuters) Reuters - A strong earthquake of magnitude 6.6\hit Manila in the Philippines overnight, the U.S. Geological\Survey's earthquake center in Golden, Colorado reported on\Friday.
Voluntary response key to BCA grading The grade on the report card was  quot;F. quot; The University of Nevada was one of four colleges that failed to meet the standards for a football coaching search as outlined by the Black Coaches Association.
Stocks Seen Flat at Open; Oil Edging Up US stocks look to open flat on Monday as investors pause after a busy week on Wall Street, with oil prices ticking higher and the dollar still hovering near record lows.
RIAA Expands P-to-P Lawsuits Latest round of legal action targets users of a variety of services, including eDonkey.
Analysts await update on Marsh probe SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- When Marsh  amp; McLennan reports third-quarter results next week, few analysts will be looking at the numbers.
Langer hails team spirit Europe #39;s Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer has emphasised the strength of his players #39; team spirit ahead of Friday #39;s first day.
Florida readies for hurricane Frances, ordering large-scale evacutions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MIAMI (AP) - Hundreds of thousands of people were told Wednesday to get ready to evacuate as powerful hurricane Frances crept closer to Florida just weeks after hurricane Charley's rampage.
Aggression Pays Off for Buick Leader Funk  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - PGA Tour veteran Fred  Funk's positive approach paid dividends when he carded a  one-under-par 69 to move one stroke clear of the field after  the third round of the \$4.2 million Buick Championship  Saturday.
Microsoft cuts key Longhorn feature By scaling back, company hopes to hit a 2006 release. Microsoft Corp. is dropping a highly touted new feature from its plans for the next generation of Windows -- scaling back ambitions for its biggest product
Nikkei Seen Firming After 11,000 Cleared  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average is expected to  extend gains on Thursday as investors keep a healthy appetite  for blue-chip exporters after a fall in oil prices boosted  confidence over the U.S. economy and lifted Wall Street stocks.
Injured Hasselbeck might not play Sunday Seahawks quarterback Matt Hasselbeck, who did not practice today, has been downgraded from probable to questionable for Sunday #39;s game.
N.M. Museum to Launch Names Into Space (AP) AP - The New Mexico Museum of Space History will be shipping names to the stars with the first X-Prize launch into space.
Google planning big things with Books and GMail Google has not had anything big for us since it went public some time ago. Now, it is back with some news that could worry biggies like Amazon and Barnes and Noble.
Martinez Deal Finalized Martinez passes his physical, and the Mets finalize their \$53 million, four-year contract with the pitcher.
Trojan horse exploits image flaw Infected graphical images that can implant a backdoor into a Windows computer if they are viewed have been spotted on Usenet. EasyNews, a provider of Usenet newsgroups, said it has identified two JPEG images
Natural gas giant Gazprom to participate in Russian auction of key Yukos unit (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - The nascent petroleum division of natural gas giant Gazprom will bid for the crown jewels of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said Tuesday - a widely anticipated move that could put the heart of the company jailed billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky created in Kremlin-friendly hands.
Radcliffe finds the old character for her next book When Paula Radcliffe #39;s autobiography My Story So Far hits the bookshelves next week it will already be out of date, because it will not include the tale of her dramatic victory in the New York City Marathon here yesterday.
Footage of Bradley confrontation erased Milton Bradley was back in the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; lineup Thursday, going 2 for 3 with a home run, double and walk in an 8-3 loss to St.
Charline Labonte rises to challenge Charline Labonte has served notice she wants to become the next starting goaltender of the Canadian women #39;s hockey team. The 22-year-old from Boisbriand, Que.
LSU #39;s Saban meets with Miami Dolphins LSU football coach Nick Saban met with representatives of the Miami Dolphins on Tuesday night to discuss their head coaching job. In a statement today, Saban said he and the Dolphins had a  quot;preliminary quot; discussion and no decision was made.
Defence minister sees damage to Chicoutimi, meets with British LONDON - Defence Minister Bill Graham was tight-lipped after meeting with his British counterpart to discuss last week #39;s fire on board HMCS Chicoutimi.
Jags QB Leftwich sidelined with sprained knee JACKSONVILLE, Florida (Ticker) -- Byron Leftwich once played a college football game with a fractured shin. So will a sprained left knee put the Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback on the sidelines?
Cisco decries  #39;Wild West #39; of IP networking Cisco Systems has announced an eight-slot single-shelf version of its CRS-1 Carrier Routing System, which is designed to let service providers offer services like edge, core and peering for
Health ; Arafat #39;s condition described  #39;very serious #39; (LEAD &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Health News, Clamart (France),Amid wildly contradicting rumours Tuesday about the condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, a French official said Arafat was not dead as of 3:30 pm (14:30 GMT).
DaimlerChrysler, GM Join on Hybrids DaimlerChrysler and General Motors will jointly develop new hybrid motors to compete against Japanese rivals on the fuel-saving technology
Arson eyed at Dutch mosque THE HAGUE -- A mosque in the Netherlands' southeast was destroyed by fire yesterday in what seemed to be the latest suspected attack against an Islamic site since the killing of a Dutch filmmaker critical of Islamic fundamentalism.
Europe Rally After U.S. Take Early Charge  BLOOMFIELD HILLS (Reuters) - Holders Europe began to peg  back a fast start by the United States as the 35th Ryder Cup  approached its climax in the last-day singles on Sunday.
Tokyo Stocks Seen Firming After Nasdaq  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average is expected to  gain ground on Monday as firmness in U.S. technology stocks  eases investors' nervousness toward that sector in Japan.
In race for top horse, still shot to get Smarty GRAND PRAIRIE, Tex. - In midsummer, most people thought the Horse of the Year had already been cinched by Smarty Jones and his thrilling Triple Crown try.
Shell seeks to reassure investors Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell will attempt to restore investors #39; faith in its strategy at a briefing for oil analysts on Wednesday.
Bergkamp Backing Van Persie to Shine Van Persie scored a last-gasp equaliser to rescue Arsenal from the jaws of defeat against Southampton on Saturday. The visitors had looked certain to condemn Arsene Wengers side
UC wins \$222.5M in Enron lawsuit \$222.5 million -- in an ongoing securities class action lawsuit against Enron Corp. The settlement, announced Friday and
Mice Thrive Without Chapters of the Book of Life It #39;s called the book of life but mice, and perhaps humans, can still thrive even when chapters are missing, scientists said Wednesday.
Culpepper Ahead in Pro Bowl Voting  NEW YORK, (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings quarterback  Daunte Culpepper is ahead of all players in voting for the 2005  Pro Bowl, while Philadelphia's Donovan McNabb is one of three  Eagles in the top-10.
National League Preview from The Sports Network (Sports Network) - Barry Bonds can equal two huge baseball milestones tonight. However, aside from personal achievements, the San Francisco slugger is more focused on his team #39;s drive to the playoffs, and
Thai PM Says Will Punish 'Wrongdoers' Over Deaths  PATTANI, Thailand (Reuters) - Bomb blasts rocked southern  Thailand on Friday as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra  promised to get to the bottom of the deaths of 78 Muslims in  military custody and punish any "wrongdoers."
Video said to show slaying of 12 hostages BAGHDAD -- A gruesome video posted on a website purportedly showed militants beheading a Nepalese worker and shooting 11 others in the first mass slaying of foreign hostages during the Iraqi insurgency.
IRAN, EU TRIO IN COMPLICATED TALKS IN PARIS PARIS, 5 Nov. (IPS) The Islamic Republic of Iran and its three major European interlocutors are engaged in complicated negotiations over Tehrans controversial nuclear programs since this morning in
UN: N. Korean Environment in Poor Shape SEOUL, South Korea - North Korea #39;s forests are depleted, its rivers and streams are filled with runoff from factories and a reliance on coal energy has created severe urban air pollution, the United Nations said Friday in its first report on the communist
At summit, a deal on membership talks BRUSSELS The European Union took a huge step towards its most controversial enlargement to date late Thursday night by agreeing to open membership negotiations with Turkey, although with strict conditions.
S. Africa Condemns Claims About Aristide S. African Government Condemns Accusations That It Is Being Used As Springboard for Haiti #39;s Aristide. A boy passes a car that says  quot;Aristide King quot; in the pro-Aristide slum of Bel-Air in Port-au-Prince, Sunday, Oct. 17, 2004.
N.D. Consortium Wins NASA Research Job (AP) AP - NASA has awarded control of its DC-8 research aircraft to the Upper Midwest Space Consortium at the University of North Dakota, a move officials say will create new jobs at the university and give it added national prestige.
Cassell returns to the fold Sam Cassell and the Minnesota Timberwolves apparently are back on good terms. The veteran guard reported for yesterday afternoon's practice after skipping the team's media day and first day of workouts earlier in the week. Cassell, 34, was unhappy about not getting a contract extension.
Storm Damage Hurts BellSouth Earnings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BLS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said third-quarter earnings fell due to storm damage in its  region and the sale of some international assets.
MyDoom worm still causing problems The experts claim hackers have compromised these sites by exploiting scripting vulnerabilities in their guestbooks.
Motorola Third-Quarter Earnings Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 maker of cell phones, on Tuesday said its quarterly profit  rose sharply, helped by improving sales of a host of new  handset models.
Sainsbury to Cut Headquarter Jobs, Halve Dividend (Update2) J Sainsbury Plc Chief Executive Justin King will cut one quarter of the company #39;s headquarters workforce and halve the dividend as he seeks to revive profit and regain customers lost to Tesco Plc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Pay dispute ends in South Africa South Africa's wage dispute ends after unions representing public sector workers accept a revised government offer.
Genelabs Drug Fails Late-Stage Trial  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Genelabs Technologies Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GNLB.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GNLB.O&lt;/A&gt;  said on Tuesday that a late-stage trial of its drug to limit  bone loss in women with lupus disease failed to work.
Then get more stuff for free  Construction manager Kimball Diamond often works thousands of miles from his Burlingame, Calif., office. So he didn't mind paying \$19.95 a month for a service that let him remotely control his office computer over the Internet.
Knife fears could prompt new law Public fears over young people carrying knives could prompt new government restrictions.
Athens Olympics Games: Expensive and Over-Hyped Olympics? JEDDAH, 20 August 2004  First, let me make it clear that I have always enjoyed watching the Olympic Games on television ever since I was a child. The problem nowadays is that the Olympics have been turned into gigantic business proposition both for the ...
NBA suspends nine players, Artest for rest of season NBA on Sunday suspended nine players for involving in a melee during Friday #39;s game between Detorit Pistons and Indiana Pacers, with Ron Artest suspended for the rest of the season, 73 games.
German Security Firm Hires Hacker Awaiting Trial A German security firm has hired the teen accused of writing the Sasser and Netsky worms, a move that sends a dangerous message to hackers, anti-virus firms said Monday.
Group: Illegal Ivory Easy to Get Online (AP) AP - Online sales of illegal ivory are booming in the United States despite a longtime global trade ban, conservationists charge.
IBM Settles Pension Suit, to Take Charge International Business Machines Corp. has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions, and will take a charge of \$320 million in the current quarter, the technology company said on Wednesday.
Nanotech funding to grow to \$8.6 billion Spending on research will more than double this year, with a growing amount coming from the private sector.
Microsoft placates two foes Editor #39;s Summary: Microsoft announced that it paid an undisclosed amount to the CCIA trade group so that it won #39;t challenge the software maker #39;s US antitrust settlement or participate in a European Union antitrust case.
170 miners remain trapped in coalmine gas explosion By 1 pm on Sunday, 123 miners were rescued alive after a major gas explosion took place at the Chenjiashan Coalmine, Shaanxi Province, around 7:10 am but another 170 remained trapped underground.
NYMEX Oil Rises on Nigerian Rebel Threat (Reuters) Reuters - NYMEX crude oil futures jumped 36\cents in electronic trading on Monday evening to the\psychological  #36;50 a barrel level, the highest in the 21 years\oil futures have traded on the exchange, as Nigerian rebels\decided an "all-out" war against the government starting Oct.\1.
Red Sox, Astros Hunt for Their First Wins After Curt Schilling and Pedro Martinez failed to get the Boston Red Sox a win against the New York Yankees in the first two games of the AL championship series, Bronson Arroyo will take the hill for Game 3 at Fenway Park on Saturday.    In Houston, the winless Astros face a similar challenge as they return home and put their hopes in Roger Clemens for NLCS Game 3 against the St...
Broncos will lose Griffin for year Denver Broncos running back Quentin Griffin #39;s strange season came to an end Tuesday when the team #39;s worst concerns were realized.
Two agencies may clash over rare bird Two US Interior Department agencies may clash over separate and apparently incompatible efforts to help the northern sage grouse. The Fish and Wildlife Service is trying to
Simultaneous Tropical Storms a Rarity (AP) AP - The prospect that a tropical storm and a hurricane  #151; or possibly two hurricanes  #151; could strike Florida on the same day is something meteorologists say they have never seen.
Gorbachev calls for terror talks The former Soviet leader tells BBC's Newsnight terrorism can only be tackled by political means, just weeks after the Beslan school seige tragedy.
Fannie Mae undergoes ex-employee testimony Fannie Mae, the US largest government-ruled mortgage lender, sees the continuation of the investigation on possible accounting violations and possible next weeks testimony of its former employee at a Congressional hearing.
It #39;s on to LA for the Giants Bee Staff Writer. SAN DIEGO - The San Diego Padres returned the favor, and the playoff-chasing Giants gladly accepted it before a disappointed record crowd of 45,389 at Petco Park.
Cable Veterans to Bid in Adelphia Auction  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Several cable industry pioneers may  bid for parts of bankrupt cable operator Adelphia  Communications Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADELQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADELQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;, joining a list of competitors  that could include Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; and Comcast Corp.   &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt;, sources close to the situation said on Friday.
NASA Spacecraft Tracks Global Air Pollution A NASA spacecraft has begun the first-ever daily tracking of how air pollution moves across the globe, a scientist at NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory said on Wednesday.
UNDATED: 2-of-8 shooting. Keith Langford had 19 of his 24 points in the first half as Kansas coasted from the outset. JR Giddens had 14 of his 16 points for Kansas (6-0) in the first half.
U.S. Sees Possible Attacks in Uzbekistan (Reuters) Reuters - The State Department said on Tuesday\it had information that "terrorists may be planning to launch\new attacks" in Uzbekistan around the time of Uzbek\Independence Day celebrations in early September.
AMD Shows Off 2005 Mobile Line Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) has expanded its increasingly popular mobile line of chips, named Sempron. The new processor has higher performance and integrated EVP anti-virus technology.
Group urges EPA to cut pollution If the government required deeper cuts in air pollution from power plants, at least 3,000 lives would be saved and 140,000 children would avoid asthma and other respiratory ailments, an environmental group said Tuesday.
Notes: Francona defends decision Terry Francona is drawing comparisons to former Red Sox manager Grady Little for a decision that he made in Friday #39;s series-opening loss to the Yankees.
MLB: Cincinnati 6, Chicago Cubs 5 Wily Mo Pena hit two home runs Saturday to give the Cincinnati Reds a 6-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs. D #39;Angelo Jimenez also homered for the Reds, who snapped a three-game losing streak.
Mancini Ready To Chase Juventus Inter Milan trainer Roberto Mancini is urging his side to keep the pressure on first place Juventus by continuing to turn their fine form into victories.
Athletics: Montgomery and Gaines doping cases postponed LAUSANNE, Switzerland : Doping cases of world 100m record holder Tim Montgomery and Chryste Gaines have been postponed, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) said.
Low-Carb Diet Craze Hits Plateau There was a time when the low-carbohydrate Atkins and South Beach diets were sending tsunamis through the financial world. Riding swelling demand up was MGP Ingredients (Nasdaq: MGPI) -- formerly
Warsaw official vowstroop cuts in Iraq POLAND WASHINGTON -- The prime minister of Poland told his Parliament yesterday that he would begin reducing the number of Polish troops in Iraq in January, another blow to the US-led coalition that has lost nearly a third of its members this year. Addressing legislators before a vote of confidence, Prime Minister Marek Belka promised, ''We will not remain in ...
USC fires basketball coach Henry Bibby Henry Bibby was fired as Southern California #39;s basketball coach Monday, just four games into his ninth season. The Trojans, beset by some player dissension, are 2-2.
Fannie Mae Execs, Regulator Square Off (Reuters) Reuters - Fannie Mae executives and their\regulator squared off on Wednesday, with executives denying any\accounting irregularity and the regulator saying the housing\finance company's management may need to go.
UPDATE 1-Van der Vaart stripped of Ajax captaincy Dutch international Rafael van der Vaart was stripped of the Ajax Amsterdam captaincy on Thursday after he refused to play out of position in the Champions League game against Bayern Munich.
Top Researchers Ask Web Users to Join Science Grid IBM and top scientific research organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve complex social problems.
10th World Series Title Beckoning for St. Louis  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Cardinals may be heading to their  first World Series since 1987 but there is nothing new about  post-season baseball in St. Louis.
Caesars agrees to sell Bally #39;s New Orleans in \$24 million deal LAS VEGAS Caesars Entertainment Incorporated announced today that it has agreed to sell its Bally #39;s Casino New Orleans for about 24 (m) million dollars.
Iranian program not an  #39;imminent threat #39; IRAN #39;S nuclear program does not present an  quot;imminent threat, #39; quot; but Tehran must take measures to reassure the international community about its intentions, UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei said Sunday.
Site Bars Black Box Voting Head A politically progressive website at the forefront of discussions about electronic-voting machines and election irregularities is barring Black Box Voting founder Bev Harris from posting to its site. By Joanna Glasner.
Corzine Announces Bid to Be N.J. Governor (AP) AP - Four years after spending more than  #36;60 million of his own money to get elected to the Senate, Democrat Jon S. Corzine announced Thursday that he is running for governor in 2005.
Braves rally to even series ATLANTA - With plenty of incentive, Rafael Furcal made sure the Atlanta Braves #39; season lasts at least two more games. Set to report to jail once the post-season ends, Furcal hit a two-out, two-run homer
U.S. Marine Killed in Western Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents have killed a U.S. Marine in  western Iraq, the U.S. military said Friday.
Continued growth in US services sector NEW YORK, November 3 (newratings.com) - The US services sector witnessed a continued upturn for the nineteenth consecutive month in October this year, the Institute of Supply Management (ISM) reported today.
Livewire: Travel Search Sites Look for Bargains on Web Web sites promising to find the best travel deals have online travel agents wondering if they have a new friend or enemy. For consumers, however, choices are rising
Slimmed-Down Playstation Launched Electronics giant Sony launched a slimmed-down version of its best-selling PlayStation 2 computer games console today. The new PS2 is half the weight
Olympics: Thorpe Beats Phelps as U.S. Fights Gold Gap  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United States pursued China, Australia and Japan  in the medals table on day three of the Olympic Games.
Illinois Helps Residents Import Drugs (Reuters) Reuters - Illinois residents will soon gain\access to lower-cost prescription drugs from Canada, the United\Kingdom and Ireland, sidestepping U.S. regulators' objections\to imported drugs, Gov. Rod Blagojevich said on Tuesday.
Russia to lease India nuclear submarine - agencies (Reuters) Reuters - Russia will lease to India a nuclear-powered submarine capable of firing nuclear and conventional missiles, Russian news agencies reported on Thursday.
Packers #39; secondary banged up Green Bay, WI (Sports Network) - The Green Bay Packers could be without two starters in their defensive backfield for this weekend #39;s game at Washington.
Millwall: We #39;re not to blame The FA confirmed today that they will launch an investigation into the incidents, which began late in the second half as away fans alleged Millwall supporters had made taunts about the Hillsborough disaster in 1989.
UPDATE: US Wine Unit Bruises Foster #39;s Annual Earnings MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian drinks company Foster #39;s Group Ltd. (FGL.AU) said Tuesday that annual net profit rose 73 as gains from the sale of its local pub assets
Bigley granted Irish passport The Irish government has given Kenneth Bigley - kidnapped in Iraq - an Irish passport in a bid to stress his non-British roots. It was issued following appeals from his family and his dual citizenship means
Bush campaigns to seize Democratic stronghold of Minnesota (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush launched a three-stop bus tour in this up-for-grabs state, hoping to become the first Republican White House hopeful to win Minnesota in 32 years.
Cendant Near Deal to Buy Orbitz -Source  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Travel and real estate heavyweight  Cendant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CD.N&lt;/A&gt; is nearing a deal to buy online travel  site Orbitz Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORBZ.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORBZ.O&lt;/A&gt;, which is controlled by the top five  U.S. airlines, for about \$1.2 billion in cash, a source close  to the talks said on Tuesday.
Broncos 31, Raiders 3 Jake Plummer and Reuben Droughns did little wrong while turning the Denver Broncos #39; biggest rivalry into a rout. On the other hand, Kerry Collins and Oakland #39;s offense did almost nothing right -- and the furious
Oracle Ruling May Embolden Dealmakers  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A federal judge may have sent a gift  to all merger-minded U.S. executives when he rejected the  government's request to block Oracle Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; bid for  PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; last week.
Bush   Kerry Battle It Out In Search Bush  #038; Kerry Battle It Out In Search\\So if it was up to the search engines to decide who would win the Presidential election, would you agree? Found an interesting press release today that I thought could provide some insight into how our favorite candidates are doing in the search ...
Researchers Say Microscope Can See Atoms (AP) AP - Oak Ridge National Laboratory researchers are peering into the atomic world with record clarity, developing an electron microscope image that can distinguish the individual, dumbbell-shaped atoms of silicon in a crystal.
Big stakes in holiday game scramble Game publishers and hardware makers will battle for consumers' holiday dollars with a slew of high-profile releases.
Iraq #39;s Chalabi escapes assassination Just after escaping an attempt to kill him on Wednesday, he said an Iraqi court had dropped charges that could have put him in jail.
UK initiative on climate change Tony Blair is to host a major scientific conference on climate change in February as part of an attempt to create an international consensus on the science involved and so lock the US and the G8 group of industrial nations into action beyond the Kyoto
Australia music industry decries Kazaa Lawyers for Australia #39;s recording industry branded the popular Kazaa file-swapping network  quot;an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen quot; as
Bank holds interest rates steady at 4.75 THE Bank of England left its key interest rate at 4.75 per cent yesterday, a decision that was widely expected, after a raft of data that showed the economy was cooling down.
Administration Debating Oil Stockpile Release The Bush administration is moving toward releasing oil from the nation's emergency stockpiles as a result of disruptions to production and imports caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Japan may allow women on throne Japan #39;s ruling party is considering proposals to revise the constitution to let women take the throne, according to a draft seen by local media.
Delta May Offer Its Pilots Equity Stake to Get Cuts Delta Air Lines, in an effort to avoid filing for bankruptcy protection, is considering giving its pilots an equity stake in exchange for pay and benefit cuts, a Delta pilot spokeswoman said yesterday.
Pakistan Says It Arrests 'Important' Al Qaeda Men  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani security forces have  arrested two important al Qaeda operatives, including an  Egyptian and a Saudi national, officials said Wednesday.
Report: China Releases Tiananmen Protester (AP) AP - A factory worker who helped to organize a strike during China's 1989 pro-democracy protests has been released after nearly 15 years in prison, a U.S.-based prison rights group said Saturday.
Hurst #39;s black mark for Beckham They symbolise two very different eras of English football, and yesterday the philosophies of David Beckham and Sir Geoff Hurst clashed in spectacular fashion when the
IBM Says It Swamps Rivals in Key UNIX Computer Test  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday its  workhorse commercial computers have smashed the industry's most  demanding tests, which analysts said creates a performance gap  that could put further pressure on Hewlett-Packard &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; or  Sun Microsystems &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SUNW.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; to recalibrate their strategies.
Trial Letdown Hits Possis Medical Shares of device maker Possis Medical (Nasdaq: POSS) are down 38 to \$19.20 after the company cut its fiscal 2005 earnings outlook after a trial involving its AngioJet blood clot treatment yielded disappointing results.
Big German banks hit by phishing attacks Two of Germany's biggest banks, Postbank and Deutsche Bank, were the targets of coordinated phishing attacks last week.
FedEx Quarterly Earnings More Than Double (Reuters) Reuters - FedEx Corp., the world's top\air-express shipper, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings more\than doubled on strong revenue growth in its international,\ground and freight services.
RBI raises interest rates to tackle inflation (Reuters) Reuters - The central bank raised its overnight repo rate on Tuesday for the first time in more than four years, citing concerns about a rise in inflation in Asia's fourth-largest economy.
Date set for Australian election Australia will hold a general election on Oct 9 with John Howard, the prime minister, seeking an unprecedented fourth term in office.
Jones sees Memphis fight as  #39;getting back up #39;  quot;It starts right here, quot; Jones said of Saturday #39;s fight, adding he has no thoughts of retirement at age 35.  quot;I #39;m too good for that, quot; he said.
Trial Letdown Hits Possis Medical Disappointing trial data regarding the AngioJet catheter takes a 38 bite out of Possis Medical's stock.
Brown Shoe Earnings Drop 32 Percent NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brown Shoe Co. Inc. (BWS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 32 percent drop in quarterly earnings, hurt by slack sales from its children #39;s unit, Bass wholesale business and Naturalizer chain.
Will XP update give tablets a boost? XP-based tablets have gotten a lukewarm reception so far. But Microsoft hopes to tempt consumers with improved features.
AUDIT BUREAU FAILS BIG TEST Newsday #39;s under a lot of pressure - but so is the Audit Bureau of Circulations, the agency charged with verifying circulation for the newspaper industry.
Honeywell Confident About China Outlook  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Honeywell, the U.S.  avionics-to-antifreeze conglomerate, will beat its own target  for \$1 billion of China sales in 2005 as it expands aerospace  manufacturing there, its country chief said on Thursday.
India ; Criminal and killer Veerappan finally exterminated India News, Dharmapuri (Tamil Nadu), Oct 19 (IANS) Veerappan, India #39;s most wanted and most elusive brigand who murdered with impunity, was finally shot dead in his jungle hideout by elite commandos using some of the very tactics he employed for well over
Megawati offers a rude goodbye She rode into office three years ago on a wave of public adoration and high expectations, but as the sun sets on her troubled administration, Indonesian President Megawati
Men #39;s Gymnastics Mired in Scoring Fiasco In many Olympics competitions winners and losers are determined by less than a fraction of a point and even the slightest error in scoring can set back an athlete from the gold to the bronze.
Start planning today to reduce your tax bill in April Some people don #39;t think about federal income taxes until the first week of April. Others jump on them in late January, as soon as their W-2s show up in the mail.
US tanks advance towards shrine: Heavy clashes in Najaf NAJAF, Aug 22: Heavy clashes flared between US troops and militiamen in Najaf on Sunday after the suspension of a proposed hand over of the militia #39;s shrine stronghold to Iraq #39;s religious leadership.
Australian rowers row reaches a new low RELATIONS within the Australian womens eight rowing crew have hit a new low with Olympian Catriona Oliver slapping much-publicised team-mate Sally Robbins in front of onlookers at anofficial function on Wednesday night.
IBM to pay \$320M to partially settle pension case IBM Corp. said Wednesday it will take a \$320 million charge this quarter to settle some claims and cap its liability on others in a long-running class-action dispute about changes made in the 1990s to its pension plan.
Strine tips his hand (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The judge, who will not rush to return a verdict in the Oracle-PeopleSoft case, indicates PeopleSoft can keep its CAP.
Study claims planets lead violent life Suggesting a necessary change to astronomy textbooks, astronomers announced Monday that planets form through a lengthier and more violent series of collisions
Fox Disagrees With FCC Indecency Finding WASHINGTON - Fox Broadcasting Co. disagrees with a finding by federal regulators that an episode of "Married by America" was indecent, but isn't saying whether it will appeal a nearly \$1.2 million fine...
Outbreak of Soybean Rust Spreads The US outbreak of soybean rust has spread to Alabama and Georgia, the Agriculture Department said on Friday, leaving Texas the lone state in the Gulf Coast untouched by the devastating crop fungus.
Jury Nearly Set for Enron Criminal Trial  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Opening arguments in the first criminal  case against former Enron Corp. employees are set to begin  after a federal court spent Monday whittling down a panel of  Houston-area residents to find an impartial jury in the city  still stinging from the company's downfall.
West Africa currency switch looms The eight west African states that use the CFA franc prepare to replace their banknotes in an effort to halt counterfeiting.
China Plane Crashes Into Frozen Lake, Killing 54 (Reuters) Reuters - A China Eastern commuter plane crashed\into a frozen lake seconds after takeoff in Inner Mongolia on\Sunday, killing 53 people on board and one on the ground, the\airline and state media said.
Weyerhaeuser 3rd-Quarter Earnings Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Weyerhaeuser Co.'s third-quarter  profit rose on higher prices for lumber and a large gain from  the sale of timberlands in Georgia, the company said on Friday.
Putnam official resigns THE REGION Putnam Investments said Deborah F. Kuenstner, managing director and chief investment officer of the mutual fund firm's Large-Cap Value investment team and International Value team, will leave the company at year-end. Kuenstner has also been an executive board member and management team leader for the \$1 billion Putnam Classic Equity fund. Josh Brooks, chief investment officer of the ...
Putin Says Belarus Gas Spat Is Over President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia and Belarus have put a sharp dispute over natural gas deliveries behind them and that there are no obstacles to good relations.
Connecting with Customers through Search Market Research Want to learn to improve your customers' experience, pinpoint buyers' exact interests and reach prospects at every phase of the buying cycle? Look to your search logs to mine this crucial market research data.
Time Warner, Comcast in Talks on Adelphia Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and Time Warner Inc. (TWX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said they are in talks on a possible joint offer to
Turkey's prime minister rejects European Union's criticism amid adultery spat (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ISTANBUL, Turkey (AP) - The Turkish prime minister harshly rejected European Union criticism Friday over a proposal to outlaw adultery and hinted the government might press forward with the ban despite warnings it could jeopardize Turkey's entry into the bloc.
Stocks End Higher on Falling Oil Prices Stocks edged higher Friday as another drop in oil prices helped Wall Street withstand the effects of a disappointing jobs creation report.
Liberia refugees return home Some 100,000 Liberians, who fled 14 years of war, are being sent home a year after the fighting ended.
Favre makes short work of Bears in rout CHICAGO -- Brett Favre worked up a sweat, threw two touchdowns passes in a short workday, and got the Green Bay Packers tuned up for the playoffs.
British mobile phone firm mmO2 hikes revenue forecast (AFP) AFP - Mobile telephone operator mmO2 raised its forecasts for British revenue growth but would not be drawn on an exact date for the launch of third-generation services in its domestic market.
Guantanamo Bay Detainee Skips Hearing (AP) AP - A prisoner who allegedly spent two months traveling with al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden and helped run a safehouse for the terrorist network refused Friday to attend a hearing on his legal status in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Cash Bounties For Spammers Win Limited FTC Backing The Federal Trade Commission yesterday gave limited endorsement to offering cash rewards to people who help track down e-mail spammers, suggesting that such bounties might work but in fewer
Sony to Release PC with TV Tuners, Huge Hard Drive Sony said yesterday that it has built a desktop computer with 1 TB of data storage and seven analog television tuners. The PC will be able to record a week #39;s worth of programming on six channels at the same time.
Turkey on Chirac-Schroeder agenda President Jacques Chirac and Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder will discuss Turkey #39;s EU membership bid on Tuesday as strong advocates of entry talks, but analysts say questions remain on their stance due to domestic opposition.
Colombia Says Rebels Planned to Kill Bush A top official in Colombia says the country #39;s largest Marxist rebel group targeted President Bush for assassination when he visited Cartagena this past week.
UK gives open source the go-ahead This week, UK government agencies got the go-ahead to use Linux and other open source products in a report published by the UK Office of Government Commerce (OGC).
Australian Prime Minister Admits Funding Pre-Election  #39;Spam #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister John Howard came under fire Friday for bankrolling a pre-election e-mail campaign carried out by a company run by his son.
Yahoo Working On New Design Yahoo unveiled new versions of its Front Page and My Yahoo, showcasing enhancements in design and functionality to both. Beta versions of both pages will be rolled out on a phased basis beginning today.
British Cities Become Wildlife Safe Havens (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's town and cities have become\key survival safe havens for the country's endangered wildlife,\according to a new survey published on Thursday.
Pioneer Eyes 510GB Optical Discs Discs would offer 100 times the capacity of today's DVDs--but when will they be available?
Tennis Replay System Not Coming Anytime Soon While all the buzz at the rainy US Open is about the need for instant replay, don #39;t hold your breath. Replay won #39;t be coming to an umpire chair near you anytime soon.
VoIP picks up momentum The number of U.S. Internet telephony subscribers is expected to surge to 1 million by the end of 2004.
Alitalia Tells Unions of Plan to Lay Off 5,000 Workers Alitalia, the Italian government-run airline and a partner with Delta and Air France in the SkyTeam alliance, told its unions on Monday that it planned to lay off about 5,000
Review: A Flat Panel That's Also Deep (AP) AP - Three-dimensional movies at home, without the silly glasses, have been a science-fiction dream for at least as long as Dick Tracy's wristwatch cell phone and the household robot.
Optus, Vodafone to share wireless network Singapore Telecommunications Ltd and Vodafone Group Plc have agreed to build a high-speed wireless phone network in Australia through their local
Gators defense finally closes one out After letting several teams come back to win, Florida holds off FSU in the final minutes. By ANTONYA ENGLISH, Times Staff Writer. TALLAHASSEE - It had gained a reputation as a defense that would fold and collapse
NBA Game Summary - Detroit At Miami Little Rock, AR -- Dwyane Wade scored 20 points, including eight in the decisive third quarter, to lead the Miami Heat to an 83-74 win over the Detroit Pistons, 83-74, in preseason action.
Fed speakers reinforce view for rising US interest rates CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - The dollar turned mixed, paring broad gains earned Thursday in the wake of US jobless claims data that reinforced expectations for rising US interest rates.
Henrik set for emotional return Former Celtic striker Henrik Larsson say he is fit to play in tomorrow #39;s Champions League tie at Parkhead. There were chaotic scenes earlier this afternoon as Larsson, and his Barcelona team-mates arrived in Glasgow ahead of the game.
Alternative Medicine Slips Into the Mainstream By Holly VanScoy, HealthDay Reporter    Doctors are combining time-honored therapies with conventional treatments     HealthDayNews -- In medical circles, what was once considered either old-fashioned or "far out" is getting another look. And sometimes that new look can bring about different ways to treat diseases and conditions...
Samarra peaceful after US blitz Life returns slowly to normal in the battered Iraqi city after a huge US-led operation to wrest control from insurgents.
Carter and Jets Ready to Step Into the Unknown He was the walking insurance policy the Jets did not want to cash and perhaps the one player his teammates hoped would never see extended time on the field.
Gold Eyes New Highs (Reuters) Reuters - Gold broke to new 16-1/4-year highs\above  #36;450.00 an ounce on Thursday, before pausing as players\began to eye the next big target of  #36;455, traders said.
Mad Muppets top cult science poll Dr Bunsen Honeydew and his indestructible lab assistant, Beaker, are the UK's favourite TV boffins.
Grokster teams with P2P radio File-swapping company Grokster is teaming up with newcomer Mercora to distribute an advanced streaming radio service to the peer-to-peer crowd.
Disney #39;s Latest Drama: \$200 Mln Courtroom Battle The trial of a lawsuit by Walt Disney Co. shareholders who accuse the board of directors of rubberstamping a deal to hire Michael Ovitz
Asian farmers sucking the continent dry The world is on the verge of a water crisis as people fight over ever dwindling supplies, experts told the Stockholm Water Symposium.
A Common Language for Penguins In its campaign to discredit Linux, the main rival to its Windows operating system, Microsoft (MSFT ) once published a witty print advertisement in Germany that showed four penguins standing in a row.
Funding, interest up Although Paralympic sports have been integrated with the Olympic movement in countries such as Canada, Germany and Great Britain for some time, Paralympic athletes #39; roles in the USA still are growing.
Privacy Act, Order Shielded U.S. Names on List CIA analyst Charles A. Duelfer's report on Iraq's weapons programs included lists of governments, political parties, companies and individuals from at least 44 nations who received vouchers to buy oil -- both legally and otherwise -- from the Iraqi government during Saddam Hussein's reign.
Merck stops \$2.5 bn painkiller Those taking Vioxx are twice as prone to cardiac problems than patients taking a placebo. Shares in Merck, the US pharmaceuticals giant, plunged by 27 per cent yesterday after the company withdrew Vioxx, its
Cisco and Fujitsu Team on High-End Routers Cisco Systems and Fujitsu will partner to develop high-end routers and switches for use in advanced IP networks. Initally, Fujitsu will offer co-branded products running Cisco #39;s IOS-XR operating
Mobile cashpoints coming soon Bank customers may soon be able to check their balances on mobile phone screens in an initiative from the Link cash machine network and Morse.
Car bomb attacks kill 28 in Egypt At least 28 people were killed and scores injured when car bombs exploded at resorts packed with Israeli holidaymakers on the Red Sea coast of Egypt #39;s Sinai desert in attacks Israel blamed on Al Qaeda.
Two Powerlifters Test Positive For Banned Substances _ Two powerlifters from Azerbaijan have tested positive for banned substances in initial doping tests and are banned for life from the Paralympics, officials said Wednesday.
Anti-Spam Effort Killed Amid Patent Row NEW YORK - A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
I #39;m not rushing myself: Tendulkar Nagpur: Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar today said he was not rushing his comeback to cricket and that with more than a decade #39;s experience, he was prepared to face all kinds of challenge the game could throw at him.
Palestinians take back the night in Ramallah With new upscale restaurants, bars, and theater, the West Bank city is undergoing a cultural revival.
#39;Deserter #39; surrenders at US base US Army Sgt. Charles Robert Jenkins -- accused of defecting to North Korea 39 years ago -- is back on active duty Saturday after voluntarily turning himself at a military base in Japan.
US Air Realigns Sales, Delta Pushes Pilots Amid talk of a possible liquidation, bankrupt US Airways in recent weeks completed a reorganization that eliminated several corporate sales positions while emphasizing newer
No. 13 LSU Crushes Mississipi State 51-0 (AP) AP - Alley Broussard ran for a career-high three touchdowns in the first 17 minutes and No. 13 LSU held Mississippi State to seven first downs and 130 yards in a 51-0 victory Saturday.
Russia to launch Beslan inquiry Russian President Vladimir Putin pledges to back a parliamentary commission into the Beslan school siege.
Putin Says Russia Working on New Nuclear Systems Russia is working on new nuclear missile systems that other powers do not have in order to protect itself against future security threats, President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday.
Agassi knocked out in surprising semifinal The top-seeded Agassi was eliminated in the semifinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic on Saturday in Washington by unseeded Gilles Muller.
Iran has said it has frozen uranium enrichment programs WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush said Monday he wants to verify if Iran has indeed suspended its nuclear fuel program as it has said it has done.
Citigroup faces regulatory probe The UK's Financial Services Authority launches a formal investigation into Citigroup's "unusual trading activity".
If clouds part, blood-red moon will be seen during eclipse tonight A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America -- weather permitting.
Lee, MacGill help NSW fire out Kiwis for 213 Sydney: New Zealand made a disastrous beginning in their tour opener against New South Wales as they were shot out for a modest 213 at the Sydney cricket ground here today.
Two Russian Planes Crash, Cause Unclear  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Two Russian passenger planes crashed  almost simultaneously, killing all 89 people on board in what  investigators said on Wednesday might have been a terrorist  attack or simply a mysterious coincidence.
Bonds tumble on rise in inflation estimate MUMBAI, OCTOBER 26: Government bonds fell across the board, mainly in the short to medium tenures on a knee-jerk reaction to the raising of the inflation estimate to 6.5 per cent and a 0.25 per cent hike in the repo rate to 4.75 per cent by the Reserve
GDP growth likely healthy Despite cautionary words from Bank of Canada Governor David Dodge last week about the impact of the rising dollar, Canadian gross domestic product likely grew at a healthy 3.5 clip in the third quarter due to strong consumer spending.
#39;Human Error #39; Crashed Britain #39;s DWP The computer crash that shut down systems at Britain #39;s Department for Work and Pensions only caused delays in dealing with new and amended claims, according to the agency.
CL Preview: Chelsea travel to Moscow; Paris face tough Porto test MOSCOW/PARIS, Oct 20 (SW) - On Wednesday, current Group H leaders Chelsea travel to Russia to play CSKA and seek their third successful win, while PSGs Champions League campaign is deeply in the balance as Halilhodzic and his men face Porto at the
SPECTOR: Proposals offer chance to compromise The chess game between the NHL and the NHLPA continued Tuesday, with the league rejecting the players #39; offer from last Thursday and tabling a counteroffer, which was in turn rejected by the NHLPA.
Diouf suspended for spitting London - Senegal World Cup striker El Hadji Diouf will miss Bolton #39;s next three games after he admitted a misconduct charge on Tuesday for spitting in an opponent #39;s face.
Infineon execs get jail time in price-fixing case Four senior executives of German chipmaker Infineon agreed to jail time and steep fines for their role in a scheme to fix prices in the memory chip market, the US Department of Justice said Thursday.
Angels suspend Guillen for rest of season CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Anaheim Angels suspended outfielder Jose Guillen for the rest of the season without pay Sunday following an outburst during a game the previous night.
Clash Over Internet Sports Photos Britains big football leagues and daily newspapers are circling each other in a showdown over game photos on Internet sites.
Nokia gets a slice of BlackBerry pie Finnish phone giant is the latest to make its devices compliant with Research In Motion's wireless e-mail service.
New steel giant includes Lackawanna site A major change is coming to the global steel industry and a galvanized mill in Lackawanna that formerly belonged to Bethlehem Steel Corp.
EU Likely to Clear Oracle Deal-Source  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Oracle Corp is likely to win clearance  from the European Commission for its hostile \$7.7 billion  takeover of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc., a source close  to the situation said on Friday.
NBA Jazz activate Spanish guard Lopez (AFP) AFP - Utah Jazz point guard Raul Lopez, a Spaniard who has missed the past two months while battling torn right knee ligaments, was activated by the National Basketball Association club.
Robots rejected for Hubble rescue Shuttle astronauts would do a better job of upgrading the ailing Hubble Space Telescope than robots, say experts.
Yank Heavy Hitter Sheffield Fan Favorite (AP) AP - Gary Sheffield emerged from the trainer's room after games, his left shoulder wrapped in bandages that resembled football pads. Most days, one or two fingers were taped, too.
Regional Bank Forecasts Stronger Growth for Developing Asian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A new report says developing Asian economies are expected to enjoy stronger growth despite high oil prices. However, the report warns, a slowdown in China could hurt its neighbors.
Staph Strain Infects More Healthy People TRENTON, N.J. - Flesh-eating bacteria cases, fatal pneumonia and life-threatening heart infections suddenly are popping up around the country, striking healthy people and stunning their doctors...
Equitable takes 75m hit as it makes progress on compensation TROUBLED UK life assurer Equitable Life yesterday said it had taken a 75 million hit as it moved in line with the rest of the sector and set aside more reserves to address the fact that people are living longer.
WWF Calls for Ban in Trade of Great White Sharks (Reuters) Reuters - A leading environmental group called\Friday for protection for the great white shark and humphead\wrasse coral fish, whose numbers have plunged because of\overfishing and China's growing appetite for exotic foods.
GlaxoSmithKline settlement with NY includes drug study info &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A lawsuit filed by New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer against GlaxoSmithKline over charges that the pharmaceutical company withheld information about the safety and effectiveness of Paxil has been settled.
"National Treasure": Freemasons, Fact, and Fiction &lt;I&gt;National Treasure,&lt;/I&gt; the new Nicolas Cage movie, plays to the public's fascination with conspiracy theories and secret societies like the Freemasons. So how true is it?
Lazard asks pay cut before IPO-report The head of Lazard LLC is asking partners to take a one-third pay cut as the investment bank readies for an initial public offering, according to a report published Friday.
Which Is Worse: A Broken Hip or the Bill? America is "very concerned" about healthcare in retirement. That's okay with us.
Sprint-Nextel: First Marital Tiff The proposed merger of Sprint and Nextel Communications could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
Hardie executives face charges JAMES Hardie executives face criminal charges over the company #39;s 2001 move to the Netherlands after a government commission found the building company underprovided a fund for asbestos victims by up to \$2 billion.
Marsh to avoid criminal charges Giant insurance broker Marsh and McLennan is now expected to escape criminal charges over illegal payments. It has been the subject of legal action over the payments by New Yrok attorney general Eliot Spitzer.
Tougher File-Trading Bill Moves Forward Controversial plan could force file swappers to face criminal charges.
Kabul kidnappers demand foreign troop pullout ISN SECURITY WATCH (01/11/04) - The breakaway Taliban group Jaish-e-Muslimeen (Army of Muslims) has threatened to execute three foreign hostages unless all international troops leave Afghanistan and all Muslim prisoners are freed from US jails.
Google introduces wireless service Google today launched a beta test version of Google SMS, this new service will allow US wireless users to query Google for almost any type of information.
AMD Releases New Mobile Sempron Advanced Micro Devices #39; new Mobile Sempron processor gives the company a fresh chip for the holiday season, but it probably won #39;t help it overcome the solid advantage that rival Intel holds in the notebook market.
Karzai win chance to cleanse government overthrew the Taliban militia in late 2001 for refusing to handover al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. coalitions with main rivals, characterised as regional strongmen who rely on ethnic loyalties and private militias.
Diamondbacks Keep Busy; Ortiz Heading Home  ANAHEIM, Calif., (Sports Network) - The Arizona  Diamondbacks continued their offseason makeover Friday as they  signed free agent pitcher Russ Ortiz to a four-year contract.
Temple Defeats No. 22 Rutgers 71-60 Rutgers #39; Nikki Jett (13) fouls Temple #39;s Cynthia Jordan (1) in the second half Monday, Dec. 13, 2004, in Philadelphia. Unranked Temple beat No.
Sysco Corp.'s 4Q Profit Up 16 Percent Sysco's fiscal fourth-quarter profit rose 16 percent due to an extra week in the quarter, customer-service initiatives and operating efficiency.
Crash probe focuses on car driver Police say they are not assuming that a car driver committing suicide caused Saturday's rail crash.
Update 3: SEC Says GE Violated Law Over Welch Perks General Electric Co. violated the law by failing to fully disclose to investors the many perks lavished on its retired chief executive Jack Welch, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday.
One gamble Bears really had to take The Bears traded Marty Booker to Miami for Adewale Ogunleye because they had no choice but to do so. Talent levels being equal, a defensive end is more valuable than a wide receiver.
Delta pilots wary of retirements Union says pilots may retire en masse to get payments rather than ride out possible bankruptcy. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc.
Slumping Cubs get boost from Maddux Maddux threw seven shutout innings for his 302nd career win, and Baker got his 1,000th victory as a manager in Chicagos 5-2 win over the Montreal Expos on Monday night.
Throwing money at technology (page 3) Strategic conflicts, rampant confusion and election-year politics are slowing the war on terror.
Update 1: Blockbuster May Raise Offer for Rival Blockbuster Inc., locked in a bidding war for Hollywood Entertainment Corp., announced Wednesday that it may sweeten its offer for the rival video renter.
Google Froogle Adds Product Reviews Google Froogle Adds Product Reviews\\Almost at the end of the Holiday online shopping season (unless you're going overnight delivery) Google has broken the mold of their Froogle shopping comparison search engine (not the Jello mold, but the Beta mold) and added 3rd Party product reviews.\\Google said that the product reviews ...
Developing countries seek greater voice in IMF, World Bank leadership (AFP) AFP - Developing countries chastized the IMF and the World Bank for what they said had been a failure to give them greater decision-making power in the two institutions and urged that the next World Bank president be chosen regardless of nationality.
2 Kidnapped in Iraq; 30 Killed in Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq - A team of kidnappers grabbed two Americans and a Briton in a dawn raid on their home on a leafy Baghdad street Thursday - a bold abduction that underlines the increasing danger for foreigners in the embattled capital as violence soars ahead of national elections planned for early next year.    West of the capital, U.S...
The Sims Go to College November 22, 2004 - It was, of course, inevitable: given the success (both in excellence of design and pure sales) of The Sims 2, not to mention that it #39;s the sequel to the biggest-selling PC game ever, Electronic Arts was going to give us expansions.
Skins #39; house of horrors The Ravens get three points from their offense but still win, thanks to the Redskins #39; problems on offense and special teams. LANDOVER MD.
Gas Prices Highest Ever for Thanksgiving  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. drivers traveling this week  will pay the highest gasoline prices on record heading into a  Thanksgiving holiday, the Energy Department said on Monday.
Botswana elections to hand victory to party in power since &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GABORONE (AFP) - Queues of voters in diamond-rich Botswana waited patiently to cast their ballots in elections that are expected to hand victory to the party in power since independence in 1966 in one of Africa #39;s most stable countries.
NBA Wrap: O'Neal Pours in 40 Points as Miami Wins (Reuters) Reuters - Shaquille O'Neal scored a season-high\40 points and added 12 rebounds and five blocked shots to drive\the host Miami Heat past the Washington Wizards 106-83 Monday.
Gannon has broken vertebrae in his neck Oakland quarterback Rich Gannon has a broken vertebrae in his neck that will sideline him at least six weeks. Gannon had an MRI exam Monday morning and was taken for further tests.
Newscasters show off election-night gadgetry Among the devices used was a futuristic plasma monitor designed by three technology companies specifically for CBS.\&lt;br /&gt;\ Screen shots: Election night gadgets
Bush and Kerry Put on a Lively Show (AP) AP - Friday's rematch between President Bush and John Kerry proved to be a livelier affair, and a more revealing show, than their first debate.
Jones #39; big day was in the cards Kevin Jones decided to stop rushing things a few weeks ago, and it helped him turn in the second-best rushing performance for a Lions rookie running back.
Bell rivals say new rules may cost business customers \$130B American businesses would face \$105 billion in higher telephone bills during the next 10 years if the Federal Communications Commission deregulates access to the high-capacity loops that serve business customers.
Egyptian found dead in northern Iraq (AFP) AFP - The body of an Egyptian was found on a road north of the Iraqi town of Tikrit, police and medical sources said.
Report: Airbus Aims to Trump Boeing's 7E7  PARIS (Reuters) - Airbus is designing an aircraft to  compete with Boeing Co.'s planned 7E7 wide-body jetliner that  would carry more passengers and fly further than the U.S.  plane, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing  people familiar with the plans.
Fannie Mae's Institutional Arrogance Pity that Fannie's management decided to test the limits of an implied Federal guarantee.
Islamic cleric in France to see Arafat CLAMART, France - A senior Islamic cleric arrived in France on Wednesday to visit the bedside of the ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Palestinian officials said.
Els claims record sixth Match Play Ernie Els claimed a record sixth World Match Play title by beating Lee Westwood two and one in a gripping final at Wentworth. The South African world number two celebrated
Good Reward for McGaughey in Hollywood Derby Shug McGaughey hadn #39;t sent a horse to California for 11 years, since the fall Lure won the Breeders #39; Cup Mile at Santa Anita.
Henman nurses the hope that his back will stay on his mind Tim Henman celebrates his 30th birthday on Monday, although celebrate is hardly the right word judging by the face he pulled when the landmark was mentioned.
DaimlerChrysler Facing SEC Investigation DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it had been notified that it was under investigation by the US Securities and Exchange Commission over alleged violations of a federal anti-bribery statute after a fired employee complained to labor officials.
Montgomerie #39;s win streak ends Colin Montgomerie saw several Ryder Cup runs come to an end Saturday morning. When he and partner Padraig Harrington fell behind Davis Love and
HealhSouth Names John Workman Its CFO Manufacturing executive John Workman was named chief financial officer of HealthSouth Corp. on Tuesday, replacing an interim executive who helped the rehabilitation giant avoid bankruptcy after a massive accounting scandal.
Australian voters head to polls Australians voted today in an election which offered the choice between a conservative government that unreservedly backs the United States and its Iraq war and a Labour opposition seeking stronger ties in Asia.
Nintendo aims for older crowd with DS Video game giant will be moving past Pokemon pack when it launches the DS on Sunday. \
Slovaks Commemorate Start of Revolt (AP) AP - Military jets thundered overhead, and hundreds of people, including veterans and top officials, gathered in Sunday to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the 1944 Slovak uprising against Nazi rule.
Martha Stewart Adds to Furniture Line, Including Turkey Hill She may be in a West Virginia prison, but Westport #39;s Martha Stewart is growing her business by adding to her furniture line, including new items to a collection based on her Westport home.
Ubisoft Ships Prince of Persia: Warrior Within SAN FRANCISCO, CA - December 2, 2004 -bisoft, one of the worlds leading video game publishers, today announced that Prince of Persia: Warrior Within is now available on store shelves for the PlayStation2 computer entertainment system, Xbox
Hoosiers pull off the upset EUGENE, Ore. -- Matt LoVecchio threw for a touchdown and BenJarvus Green-Ellis ran for 91 yards and another score to lead Indiana to a 30-24 upset of No. 24 Oregon last night.
Leaders Jostle to Shape Agenda for a New Term President Bush #39;s electoral victory was greeted internationally on Wednesday with a mixture of praise, disappointment and pragmatic resignation as world leaders jostled
Hollywood Studios Sue Movie Downloaders/Swappers Following the lead of record companies suing small-time song-swappers, The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) is representing several Hollywood movie studios in the first wave of lawsuits against individuals who have downloaded and/or are
Dodgers blue after disappointing series Disappointment for the Dodgers again. Los Angeles made major strides this season by winning the National League West to end a long playoff drought, then earning the club's first postseason victory in 16 years.
Mourinho Fumes At Referee Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho fired a broadside at referee Rob Styles for his decision not to award a penalty when Didier Drogba was brought down under a challenge from Ulises de la Cruz.
U.S. Supreme Court Terms Begins  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court opened its  new term on Monday, with two hours of arguments on federal  sentencing rules and the rejection of some 1,800 appeals,  including a challenge by telemarketers to the government's  popular do-not-call list.
MSN, PayPal battle Net woes The Net's a lonelier place for users of PayPal and MSN Instant Messenger. Blame a software glitch and a suspected virus.
Martin meets with cabinet ministers, diplomats over tsunami aid (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin met with key cabinet ministers and diplomats Sunday to talk about Ottawa's response to the tsunami crisis that has devastated south Asia.
Updates: AIG, Time Warner, CalPERS American International Group, Inc. reported that AIG Financial Products Corp., a subsidiary, has reached an \$80 million settlement with the Department of Justice concerning charges that stemmed from structured
Cable Operators Seen With Good Financial Results Credit Suisse First Boston expects  quot;good financial results quot; from five cable/multiple systems operators (MSOs), with revenue growth ranging from 10 to 13 and growth in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of 10 to 18.
Dream Team Beaten by Argentina 89-81 ATHENS, Greece Aug. 27, 2004 - The US men #39;s basketball team will go home from the Olympics without a gold medal for the first time since it began using NBA players after the Americans were beaten soundly by Argentina 89-81 in the semifinals Friday.
Edwards: Bush Leads by 'Fear and Failure' (AP) AP - Sen. John Edwards scolded President Bush on Wednesday for invoking the names of Democratic presidents and accused Bush of leading by "fear and failure."
Mobiles take off ANOTHER haven from annoying ring tones and loud personal conversations is being closed off as researchers work on ways to make mobile phones available on aircraft.
TiVo, NFL Tackle Tech Discord (Reuters) Reuters - Television recording\technology company TiVo Inc. and the NFL have reached an\agreement on a potential new technology that the league feared\would endanger its regional schemes and multibillion-dollar TV\contracts.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - OQO pocket-size Windows XP PC clever but could be better (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - I'm guessing the founders of a San Francisco start-up called OQO are bummed that Microsoft long ago snagged the name Pocket PC for its personal digital assistants. Because Pocket PC might be the ideal moniker for OQO's new model 01 "ultrapersonal computer"- uPC for short.
Israelis committed to US plan Jerusalem - The United States-backed roadmap is the only viable blueprint for peace with the Palestinians, the Israeli prime minister #39;s office said on Wednesday.
Who do you love? Cisco, Dell and Microsoft earn raves in a customer loyalty survey. Apple, HP and Sun? Not so much. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Executives at Cisco, Dell, Microsoft and IBM don #39;t need to worry about losing a lot
J.M. Smucker Quarterly Profit Rises  CHICAGO (Reuters) - J.M. Smucker Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SJM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SJM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  posted higher quarterly profit as improved sales at its Jif  peanut butter and Smucker's jelly business helped offset higher  raw material costs and a loss on the sale of its Brazilian  unit.
Philips switches strategy pictures through flat screen disposal (AFP) AFP - The Dutch electronics group Philips said that it is selling its low-brand flat screens business group to TPV Technology of Taiwan as part of a strategic change of direction, and in line with a trend by big groups to use Asian partners to cut costs.
Hurricane Ivan Threatens Barbados, East Caribbean  MIAMI (Reuters) - Powerful Hurricane Ivan, the latest in a  busy storm season, rushed over the Atlantic Ocean on Monday and  threatened the eastern Caribbean Windward Islands.
Russian Air Crash Flight Recorders May Not Help  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Investigators examined flight recorders  Thursday from Russia's mystery double air crash in which 89  people died, but one official doubted they would be of any use.
Tribesmen Press for Hostages' Release (AP) AP - Hundreds of tribesmen gathered Tuesday near the area where suspected al-Qaida-linked militants are holding two Chinese engineers and demanding safe passage to their reputed leader, a former U.S. prisoner from Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, officials and residents said.
Apple shuts down iPodDownload IPOD MAKER Apple has come down hard on a man who made an add-in that allowed file-sharing on iPods. iPodDownload #39;s creator has stopped distributing the iPodDownload software after a visit from Apple lawyers who applied pressure.
Man Pleads Guilty in Tsunami Death E-Mail Case (Reuters) Reuters - A British man admitted Monday to sending\hoax emails to friends and relatives of people missing since\the Asian tsunami.
Judge Bars R.I. Man From Sending 'Spam' (AP) AP - A judge granted Verizon Wireless a permanent injunction against a Rhode Island man accused of sending millions of unsolicited text-message advertisements to cell phone customers in four states.
IBM Said to Be Leaving the PC Business The company that has been synonymous with the term  quot;PC quot; since it was first created is getting out of the PC business. According to a report in the New York Times, IBM is in talks with China #39;s largest maker
Groups Meet to Discuss Climate Change New strategies to confront global warming took center stage in Buenos Aires on Monday, where thousands of environmentalists and government policy-makers gathered for an international conference on climate change.
Samsung, Sony Enter Cross-License Agreement Two of the world #39;s consumer electronics giants, Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. and Sony Corp., have signed a cross-license agreement detailing mutual usage of patents across major product lines owned by the two companies.
Kazaa trial opens with 'massive piracy' claim Sharman 'encouraged' illegal file-trading, lawyers allege
Black Watch block Fallujah supply line British Black Watch troops are blocking a key bridge on the River Euphrates in the regiment #39;s biggest mission since it was redeployed to Iraq.
This Time, It's Easy for Capriati Looking powerful and focused, Jennifer Capriati rolled to a 6-0, 6-2, victory over Magui Serna at the United States Open on Monday.
Boom times ahead for smartphones The popularity of mobiles packed with features is set to explode as they get better and cheaper, say analysts.
Dutch bank to lay off 2,850 staff ABN Amro, the Netherlands #39; largest bank, is to cut 2,850 jobs as a result of falling profits. The cuts - amounting to 3 of the bank #39;s workforce - will result in a one-off charge of 790m euros (\$1.1bn).
Bad sign? Meetings don #39;t make much sense ANAHEIM - The Los Angeles Dodgers last season had the best double-play combination in baseball, so naturally they went out yesterday and signed an All-Star second baseman who admits his glove is merely apparel.
Pope replaces sex scandal bishop Pope John Paul II accepts the resignation of an Austrian bishop over a porn scandal at a seminary in his diocese.
Chirac to push for international tax to fight poverty (AFP) AFP - French President Jacques Chirac will put forward ideas for an international tax scheme that would help build a 50-billion-dollar war chest to fight poverty during a 55-nation conference on economic development opening Monday in New York.
HP Moves Deeper Into Consumer Electronics Business By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Personal computer giant Hewlett-Packard Co...
Asian Shares End Mixed; Tokyo Advances, Hong Kong Falls Asian stocks finished mixed Wednesday, with Tokyo shares advancing on a positive economic outlook but markets in Hong Kong and elsewhere falling on worries about record-high oil prices.
Johnson Breaks Strikeout Record by Lefties (AP) AP - Randy Johnson got his 4,137th strikeout Wednesday night, breaking Steve Carlton's major league record for left-handers and moving into third place overall on the career list.
Malaysia's Anwar Seeks to Clear Name, Remove Ban  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysian rebel politician  Anwar Ibrahim, freed from jail last week, sought on Monday to  clear the way for his return to active politics when his  lawyers moved to have his criminal record wiped clean.
Numbers point to NY NEW YORK - The New York Yankees can achieve two milestones with one more victory: clinching their seventh straight AL East title and reaching 100 wins in three straight seasons for the first time.
Tokyo Stocks Firmer as Oil Drops Back  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.91 percent  in early trade on Monday after crude oil dropped back from  record highs above \$49 a barrel, encouraging some investors to  return to the Tokyo stock market in search of bargains.
Rick Weaver The Steelers and Miami Dolphins are in a tough spot. So is the National Football League. Today #39;s scheduled game at Pro Player Stadium was rescheduled tonight at 8:30 pm because of the expected arrival of Hurricane Jeanne.
Garciaparra on mend, expected to return tonight Chicago Cubs shortstop Nomar Garciaparra expects to return to the lineup tonight after being out since Sept. 11 with a strained groin. Manager Dusty Baker said the plan is to play Garciaparra tonight, rest him for tomorrow's afternoon game, and then start him again Friday in New York.  quot;Hopefully, knock on wood, he can play every game after that, quot; Baker ...
SC2004: Top HPC Systems Keep Pushing Performance Limits (11/10/04)The new list of the worlds Top500 supercomputers was officially announced last night in a overflowing ballroom at the SC2004 Conference in Pittsburgh.
WTO Negotiators Finish Week of Farm Talks Negotiators at the World Trade Organization completed weeklong farm talks Friday, part of discussions on ways to reach a wider-ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.
Ailing Arafat Goes to Paris for Treatment (AP) AP - An ailing Yasser Arafat  #151; too weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of Thursday sleeping  #151; agreed to leave his battered West Bank compound for the first time in more than two years and fly to Paris for urgent medical treatment.
Rival Uses Bin Laden Ad to Attack Murray (AP) AP - Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., has "a different view of Osama bin Laden," her campaign rival charged Wednesday in an attack ad that uses a picture of the al-Qaida leader and the senator's words to challenge her credentials in the war on terror.
Globetrotters wave \$1 mil at Argentina The Trotters have challenged Argentina, which defeated the United States en route to winning the gold medal, to a \$1 million winner-take-all game that would be shown on pay-per-view TV, Bloomberg news service reports.
Last of Mercury Astronauts Remember  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper The last of the seven Project Mercury astronauts who pioneered US space exploration in the 1960s remembered one of their own as a fearless pilot with the  quot;right stuff quot; in
Wild Crowds, Gunfire Force Hasty Arafat Burial  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A chaotic crush of mourners  filling the air with gunfire forced a hasty burial of Yasser  Arafat on Friday in the finale to a tumultuous life as the  trailblazer of Palestinian nationalism.
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Take a Hit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices took a hit  on Wednesday as lackluster interest in new five-year notes left  investors skittish just two days before the crucial September  jobs report.
Treasuries Lower in Data Vacuum (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries prices were sucked\lower on Monday as speculators took advantage of a vacuum of\economic news to test the bearish side of recent tight trading\ranges.
THE WEEK ON THE STREET NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- It sure isn #39;t the Goldilocks Economy of yesteryear -- you know, not too hot, not too cold, but just right.
Graduation rate falls for CU athletes The University of Colorado has logged its lowest graduation rate for student athletes in five years, according to a report released Monday by the NCAA.
UN: 10,000 People Dying Monthly in Darfur In the Darfur region of western Sudan, nearly 10,000 people per month have lost their lives from malnutrition and disease adding up to 70,000 deaths since the crisis started in February of 2003.
Oil Slips Under \$55 a Barrel  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices briefly scaled a new  high above \$55 a barrel on Monday before falling back as the  Norwegian government moved to end a strike that had threatened  the country's energy output.
Female hormones decide research skills of male scientists! A survey by academics at the University of Bath, UK, has revealed that male scientists are good at research because they have the hormone levels of women and long index fingers.
Florida likely to get hit again The seemingly nonstop pummeling of Florida during the past month has been the result of a highly active hurricane season mixed with two unusually stubborn high-pressure ridges funneling the storms in a track directly over Florida.
Dealing Unit becomes more likely Still five months shy of opening up their eighth major league campaign, the Arizona Diamondbacks are already working on their fourth manager.
Bush selects Kellogg executive to head Commerce Department President Bush announced Monday the nomination of Kellogg Co. Chairman and CEO Carlos Gutierrez to be secretary of Commerce, calling him  quot;an experienced manager and an innovative
Small telephone companies worry about paying more to use SBC &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A group of small telephone companies said Thursday it #39;s worried that state regulators next week will allow telecommunications giant SBC Communications Inc.
Schilling shuts down Cards The Boston Red Sox are two wins away from their first World Series championship since 1918, two wins away from reversing the dreaded Curse of the Bambino, two
Amtrak in Another Hole with \$1.3 Bln Loss  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Amtrak is in another financial hole  after posting a \$1.3 billion operating loss last fiscal year  and again receiving far less than it requested in federal  subsidies, an influential transportation watchdog said on  Sunday.
HARRINGTON DRAWS LEVEL Padraig Harrington took advantage of a huge mistake by Graeme McDowell to move into a share of the lead with nine holes to play at the Linde German Masters in Cologne today.
Freedom at Last for Pakistanis Who Aided Taliban  PUL-I-CHARKI, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Hundreds of  Pakistanis who fought alongside the Taliban against U.S-led  forces after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States  were released from an Afghan jail Sunday after nearly three  years as prisoners of war.
Mariners Trade Williams to Padres The Seattle Mariner traded left-handed pitcher Randy Williams to the San Diego Padres on Friday for infielder Billy Hogan.
PalmSource Names Jean-Louis Gassee Chairman of the Board PalmSource today announced Jean-Louis Gassee has been appointed Chairman of the PalmSource Board of Directors. Gassee, 60, was appointed to the Company #39;s Board of Directors in May 2002.
Aussie tips Rossi to conquer lsland AUSSIE Troy Bayliss says world champion Valentino Rossi will be unbeatable in today #39;s Australian Motorcycle Grand Prix even though Spain #39;s Sete Gibernau has pole position.
Ericsson Expands Guangdong STOCKHOLM -- Ericsson has been awarded a USD 805 million contract by Guangdong Mobile Communication Corporation Limited (Guangdong Mobile) to expand its GSM network in Guangdong Province, China.
Oracle gets Europe's approval to buy PeopleSoft (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The European Commission on Tuesday cleared Oracle's hostile  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival business-software maker PeopleSoft, lowering the last antitrust hurdle to the contested deal. "There is an absence of sufficient evidence of competitive harm," regulators said in a statement.
Cards' Kline Could Return in Postseason (AP) AP - Ailing St. Louis reliever Steve Kline was unavailable for Game 3 of the NL championship series on Saturday, but Cardinals manager Tony LaRussa hopes the left-hander will pitch later this postseason.
Hollywood sues over home theatre A FILM industry group has sued a high-end consumer electronics company, claiming its home theatre jukebox system makes illegal copies of movie DVDs.
AOL Files Lawsuit Against IM Spam America Online Inc. said Thursday it had filed a federal lawsuit accusing numerous unnamed defendants of violating federal and state laws by sending bulk messages known as "spim" to instant message accounts and Internet chat rooms.
Are We Puppets or Free Agents? Interpretations of the insanity plea have changed through the ages, but advances in neuroscience promise to redefine free will and personal responsibility, and change the way we think about punishment. By Rowan Hooper.
Campina merger forms largest diary co-operative AMSTERDAM - Dutch diary company Campina announced on Wednesday it would merge with Danish-Swedish firm Arla Foods to create the world #39;s largest farmer-owned diary corporation with an annual turnover of EUR 10 billion.
Revolution in fighting mood The Revolution are apparently prepared to fight to extend their season. Clint Dempsey and Pat Noonan shoved each other and flailed away briefly yesterday at the Gillette Stadium practice field, while the team prepared for tomorrow's playoff game against the Columbus Crew.
Bryant case seen as plagued from start EAGLE, Colo. -- The rape case against Kobe Bryant finally fell to pieces shortly after 11 a.m. Wednesday, when his accuser called District Attorney Mark Hurlbert to say she had had enough and would no longer cooperate. The call set in motion a series of events that ended with the charges being thrown out little more than eight hours later.
ETA Bombs Put Radical Basque Party in Tight Spot The armed Basque separatist group ETA showed it was not a spent force with Friday #39;s coordinated attacks at five Madrid petrol stations, but it also further isolated the guerrillas #39; closest political allies, Batasuna.
Cabrera comes back after wife #39;s surgery Orlando Cabrera rejoined the Boston Red Sox last night after missing two games to be with his wife in Colombia.  quot;He called me about 10 this morning, and said he was back, quot; Red Sox
BMC update aims to nip downtime in the bud Batch scheduler revamp promises to fend off application failures and boosts BMC's service management push.
Shearer: Toon have to go out and sign Rooney ALAN SHEARER last night stepped into the ward of words between Craig Bellamy and Newcastle over Wayne Rooney by saying,  quot;Let #39;s go out and sign him.
Cards strike first: Overpower Astros in Game 1 victory Conventional wisdom said that when the Cardinals and Astros hooked up in the National League Championship Series, there might be a few runs scored.
US Deserter Leaves Army Base for New Life in Japan  SADO ISLAND, Japan (Reuters) - A former U.S. army sergeant  who deserted to North Korea four decades ago left a U.S.  military base near Tokyo on Tuesday to head for a new life with  his family in his Japanese wife's home town.
Singapore Budget Carrier Set to Take Off Singapore Airlines #39; low-cost arm raised the stakes Monday in the battle for budget travelers, saying it is ready for a price war as it prepares to begin services next month.
US missile defence test delayed Bad weather forces the US to cancel the first full flight test of its national missile defence system in nearly two years.
WHO Urges Science to Keep World Healthy (AP) AP - Technological advances that help drug companies churn out highly profitable prescription medications must also be applied to improving public health care around the globe, a World Health Organization report released Wednesday says.
Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook SAN FRANCISCO -- Web search leader Google Inc. said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
GM to cut jobs in Europe Automaker, unions agree to eliminate up to 12,000 workers to curb losses and save \$665 million a year. By Ed Garsten / The Detroit News.
German autoworkers hit streets over plan to cut 12,000 jobs A strike at a General Motors plant in Germany began to squeeze the company #39;s European production Tuesday as a lack of parts halted two other factories, while thousands of
Fifth-Game Success GameNight: After winning the NLDS clincher on three days #39; rest, Astros pitcher Roy Oswalt looks ahead to the Cardinals #39; series.
Florida Week Always Brings Excitement (AP) AP - As a freshman from Mississippi, defensive end Parys Haralson didn't know much about Tennessee's rivalry with Florida.
Update 4: Huffy Files for Chapter 11, Buyer Emerges A competitor to Huffy Corp., which filed Wednesday for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, said it was interested in buying Huffy, which makes about a third of the bicycles sold in the United States.
Video Girlfriends Demand Diamonds She needs to be coddled with sweet talk and pampered with gifts, but you #39;ll never see her in the flesh. A Hong Kong company has developed a  quot;virtual girlfriend quot; for new cell phones with video capability.
Drop in Oil Nudges Shares Higher on a Quiet Trading Day Stocks rallied in quiet trading, as oil prices fell for a fourth consecutive day and a pair of government reports gave a mixed picture of the economy.
IBM to sell computer unit, in talks with China #39;s Lenovo NEW YORK, New York, United States of America -- International Business Machines (IBM) Corp has put its computer business up for sale, the New York Times said Friday, quoting people close to negotiations.
Just 16 centuries later, we return to Olympia You remember, of course, Armenian Prince Varazdates and the spectacle of his boxing triumph. And who can forget Zopyros of Athens, wrestling-boxing his way to the junior pankration crown.
Quinn relieved that goalie Ed Belfour #39;s back surgery was deemed a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Maple Leafs goaltender Ed Belfour is expected to make a complete recovery following back surgery Thursday, says GM John Ferguson.
Pre-Human Walked Upright 6 Million Years Ago -Study (Reuters) Reuters - A chimp-sized human ancestor walked\upright 6 million years ago, far earlier than anyone had been\able to show before, researchers reported on Thursday.
Cards #39; offense relentless All right. Here are the things a starting pitcher would rather do than face the St. Louis Cardinals lineup: Go out in public wearing that wig Tom Sizemore used to portray Pete Rose in  quot;Hustle.
Blues held by Spurs, Toffees win again Tottenham has held Chelsea to a 0-0 draw, while Everton beat Middlesbrough 1-0 and Newcastle downed Southampton 2-1. Chelsea dominated the contest at Stamford Bridge, but with England goalkeeper Paul Robinson
W3C highlights Mobile Web Initiative at workshop The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is considering a new effort called the "W3C Mobile Web Initiative," that will seek to make Web access from mobile devices such as mobile phones and PDAs (personal digital assistants), as simple, easy and convenient as desktop Web access.
Friendships drive Islamic terrorists, CIA veteran says PARIS -- Three years after the Sept. 11 attacks forced the West to take a collective crash course on Islamic terrorism, the myths endure: The militants are impoverished and uneducated. Lifelong religious fervor drives them to embrace jihad. Al Qaeda aggressively recruits and brainwashes the men.
Oil Price Spike Had Chilling Effect -Fed (Reuters) Reuters - The recent spike in oil prices has had\some negative impact on the U.S. economy, but the futures\markets suggest that this will be a temporary phenomenon, a top\Fed official said on Sunday.
Greek Orthodox leader dies in helicopter crash Egypt #39;s Patriarch of Alexandria, a top Greek Orthodox leader in a post that traces its lineage back to one of the first disciples of Christ, has been killed in a helicopter crash, Greek authorities say.
Delta Air Lines Sees Loss Mushrooming  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  forecast a much wider third-quarter loss than Wall Street had  estimated because of weak domestic fares and a spike in fuel  costs, driven by record-high oil prices.
RP bet in top 5 in Miss World; Peruvian wins SANYA, ChinaMiss Philippines Maria Karla Bautista made it to the top five of the Miss World 2004 competition Saturday in one of the most respectable finishes of the country in the annual pageant.
Samsung shipping samples of 512Mbit GDDR3 Samsung Electronics has begun shipping samples of 512Mbit GDDR3 chips targeting the high-end graphics-card and the game-console markets.
Carmakers #39; excessive spending hurts F1, says Mosley World motorsport head Max Mosley has fired a salvo at Formula One carmakers in the wake of Ford #39;s decision to quit, accusing some of damaging the sport by throwing money at it.
Space Capsule Expected to Yield Some Useful Data Despite Crash Scientists are optimistic that they will retrieve useful information from the smashed capsule that fell to earth in the Utah desert after three years in space, officials said Thursday.
Britain doing everything for hostage release: Blair: World News London, Sep 26 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair reiterated Sunday his government would do everything it could to win the release of a Briton taken hostage in Iraq, Xinhua reports.
French firms sign big deals with China but lament the ones that got away (AFP) AFP - French companies and farmers have reeled in deals reportedly worth up to five billion euros (dollars) in China during a state visit to the country by President Jacques Chirac, but executives were said to be disappointed that bigger business was not won.
Davis Gets a Grip Vernon Davis has used his size and athleticism to develop into an explosive downfield target at the tight end position for the Terrapins.
Arrington out 2-4 weeks Pro Bowl linebacker LaVar Arrington underwent arthroscopic surgery in his right knee for a lateral meniscus tear yesterday and will probably be out 2-4 weeks, leaving the Washington Redskins, the league's top-ranked defense, without one of its most dangerous players.
Whalen, Sun off to bright start Lindsay Whalen made the most of the biggest game of her professional career. The rookie guard led the Connecticut Sun to a 68-64 victory over the Seattle Storm last night in the opening game of the WNBA Finals.
Shell is doing things by halves in going Dutch ROYAL Dutch Shells dual structure has been blamed for troubles ranging from poor management to dodgy oil reserve accountancy. So its decision to meet shareholder criticisms by unifying its two holding companies
Keeping It Simple Expeditors International posts strong results, but the jaw droppers are in its 8-K.
Celtics tradition attracts Rivers Boston coach Doc Rivers was golfing with Bob Cousy and KC Jones when the two Celtics Hall of Famers started talking about Bill Russell.
Roon at the top - hat-trick hero Wayne makes dazzling United debut WAYNE ROONEY launched himself into the footballing stratosphere with a debut hat-trick at Old Trafford last night. On this evidence, Sir Alex Ferguson would have made a wise investment if he had spent the
Dozens killed in bomb blasts at Sinai resorts The surge of violence in the Middle East spilled across Israel #39;s southern border into Egypt last night as more than 30 holidaymakers were killed and scores more injured in a devastating series of apparently coordinated car bomb attacks in Red Sea resorts.
Indonesia Govt Confirms Stanchart Wins Bk Permata Sale JAKARTA (Dow Jones)--A consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC (STAN.LN) has won the bidding for a 51 stake in PT Bank Permata (BNLI.
Intel looks to the high end roundup The firm makes over its Pentium 4 Extreme Edition and gets ready to unveil a new top-of-the-line Itanium 2 for servers.\&lt;br /&gt;\ Photo: Dell's 'Extreme' machine\
No. 18 Alabama Beats W. Carolina 97-66 (AP) AP - Kennedy Winston scored 24 points to lead No. 18 Alabama over Western Carolina 97-66 on Friday night.
Linux market may grow to \$35 billion by 2008 SEATTLE - Linux, the fast-growing alternative to Windows and other operating systems, will become a \$35 billion market by 2008, technology research firm IDC said Wednesday.
Sharon in a spot George W. Bush is a product of the Wild West myth. He sees himself as the fast-drawing sheriff who kills the bad guys and maintains order in town.
Snohomish County gets nod for NASCAR track An 850-acre tract of farmland in Snohomish County near Marysville is the preferred site for a new \$140 million, 75,000-seat NASCAR track, county and city officials said Monday.
August sees 10 per cent spam drop August saw a 10 per cent drop in spam levels, according to email security company Messagelabs. The company said there was a sequential drop in spam with levels falling from 94.
US space agency chief resigns The head of the US space agency (Nasa), Sean O'Keefe, resigns after three years in the post.
Ex-Guardsman Contacted Kerry Campaign AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...
Yahoo to Buy Online Music Seller for \$160 Million In a move to expand its role in the online music business, Yahoo will buy Musicmatch, a company that sells music online, for \$160 million.
Yankees Put Twins on Brink of Elimination Backed by Derek Jeter's three R.B.I.'s and a relentless offense, Kevin Brown threw six strong innings to lead the Yankees past the Minnesota Twins, 8-4.
Guest Column Addressing Global Imbalances is Within the Realm of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE global economy is slowly recovering, and with it hopes for a sustained period of economic growth in all regions. South Africa #39;s economic future is tied to that of the rest of the world and for this reason
BTG hits Amazon, Netflix and others with patent suit LONDON - BTG PLC, a London-based firm that focuses on intellectual property and technology commercialization, said Wednesday that it has filed suit against Amazon.com Inc., Barnesandnoble.com LLC and two other Internet companies for infringing on patents related to the tracking of users on the Web.
Cambodia #39;s dancing royal likely new king PHNOM PENH: The former ballet dancer son of Cambodia #39;s king was named his likely successor yesterday, as hopes faded that his father would reverse his decision to abdicate.
Israel responds to massive tunnel blast ISN SECURITY WATCH (14012/04) - The Israeli army has responded to a massive explosion that killed five Israeli soldiers on Sunday by launching an attack on two buildings in Gaza City allegedly being used by Palestinian militants to manufacture weapons
California sues Microsoft for antitrust--again Five California counties and two cities sue the software giant under state antitrust laws, for taking advantage of government buyers.
Congolese Massacre Victims in Burundi Mourned  GATUMBA, Burundi (Reuters) - Mourners covered their faces  to block the smell of disinfectant and death Monday as they  buried more than 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees burned, hacked  and shot in an attack on their camp in western Burundi.
Britain Approves Human Cloning By EMMA ROSS     LONDON (AP) -- Britain granted its first license for human cloning Wednesday, more than three years after becoming the first nation to authorize the technique to produce stem cells for medical research.    A team of researchers at Newcastle University hope eventually to create insulin-producing cells that could be transplanted into diabetic patients...
Energised Henman downs Dupuis Basel - Two-time Swiss Indoors champion Tim Henman bounced back from his disappointing Madrid Masters performance last week to ease through his first round match at the ATP event here on Wednesday, overwhelming Frenchman Antony Dupuis 6-3, 6-4.
Injured Gunners captain ruled out of trip to Panathinaikos PARIS: Ankle-victim Patrick Vieira will miss Arsenals Champions League trip to Panathinaikos today in a big blow to manager Arsene Wenger on the run-up to the Athens tie.
Kabul Bomb Death Toll Rises, Up to 12 Believed Dead The toll from Sunday #39;s car bomb blast in Kabul rose Monday with different accounts from Western security forces and Afghan officials suggesting as many as a dozen people may have been killed.
Start-up targets e-commerce on demand Demandware service designed to help midsize firms open shop online as fast as with a hosted service, but with more customization.
Sean OKeefe Departs When Sean OKeefe was named NASA Administrator about three years ago, he had already had experience with fixing troubled organizations.
Avery Johnson retires from NBA CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Point guard Avery Johnson retired Thursday as an active player to accept a coaching position with the Dallas Mavericks.
Anglos win World Cup ENGLANDS Paul Casey and Luke Donald clinched the World Cup by one shot in Seville. The pair trailed Spain by one at the start of the final day but fired a closing alternate-shot 64 for 31 under to overhaul the local favourites.
Manning shows poise, penchant for rookie mistakes For everyone watching, from the fans and players to the national press, this is the drive they came to see. Rookie Eli Manning, the NFL #39;s number one pick making his first start for the Giants, barked out signals
South Americans Make Offer to EU on Trade (AP) AP - The South American trade bloc Mercosur has made a new offer in a bid to advance stalled trade talks with the European Union and clinch a trans-Atlantic free trade deal by an October deadline.
Beta Search Engine iZito Supports Human Search Behavior Beta Search Engine iZito Supports Human Search Behavior\\iZito has launched a new meta-search engine that makes searching on the Internet easier and quicker. iZito has developed a "rich user interface" (RUI) which searchers can use to organize, adjust and even 'park' search results for later viewing. iZito claims to be ...
Wal-Mart's Withdrawal Triggers Mixed Reactions Zack Diarra, the owner of Timbuktu Fashions, had been "scared to death" of Wal-Mart, worried the nation's biggest retailer would undercut his clothing prices and wipe out his eight-month-old business.
Red Sox-Yankees Game 3 was more embarrassment than classic BOSTON -- On the baseball beauty scale, Saturday #39;s American League Championship Series game between the Yankees and Red Sox ranks right there alongside Roseanne #39;s screechy rendition of the national anthem in San Diego in 1990, Pete Rose #39;s 1970s hairdo
Powell: North Korean Explosion Probably Not Nuclear Secretary of State Colin Powell says the United States believes a recent explosion in North Korea was, in his words, not a nuclear event.
IBM to buy Danish firms International Business Machines said Tuesday it would buy two Danish competitors to add consulting services for shipping and logistics companies.
US Attacks Falluja Rebels, Aid Convoy on Move (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Marines lobbed mortar rounds\at rebels in Falluja Saturday during a five-day-old assault\that has caused a "catastrophe" for civilians there and fueled\a revolt in Iraq's northern city of Mosul.
What we learned Minnesota: The tailback tag team of junior Marion Barber and sophomore Laurence Maroney, who combined for 231 yards Saturday and have 1040 yards already this season, has made the Gophers one of the top rushing teams in the country.
Darfur Aid Groups Fear Fresh Violence, Move Staff  EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - Aid agencies fearing an  upsurge of fighting in Sudan's troubled Darfur region have  suspended operations and evacuated staff from the volatile  Jebel Marra area in West Darfur state, U.N. officials said on  Friday.
Putin vows Russian weapons boost President Putin promises Russia pioneering new weaponry - amid continuing crisis in the armed forces.
Dell announces its new line of Pocket PC and upgrade for Axim X30 Dell has announced three new Axim Windows Mobile Pocket PC, dubbed the Dell Axim X50 series. The Axim X50v features a 3.7-inch VGA screen, with a 624MHz CPU, 64MB SD RAM, 128MB flash ROM, wireless LAN and Bluetooth.
Paul Hamm's example PAUL HAMM'S fall and rise are what make the Olympics so much more than a sports event. The US gymnast who spun despair into gold on Wednesday gives hope to the whole human endeavor by defusing the word  quot;loser. quot;
Wireless net to get speed boost Wireless computer networks could soon be running 10 times faster than they do now.
Google warns a slowing of growth is  #39;inevitable #39; Google warned Thursday that increased competition and the maturing of the company would result in an  quot;inevitable quot; slowing of its growth.
Steps to climb out of debt For those sinking in a flood of unpaid loans, don #39;t lose hope. Many people have gone before you and made it out. Simply put, there are debt-defying actions you can take.
Cold but resolute in Kiev  KIEV -- The weather plunges below freezing each night and the bitter winds swirl through the snow-lined streets, but the protesters filling the avenues and squares of Ukraine's capital have shown no sign of relenting.
Najaf Battle.. Sistani Wins Big The dramatic return from abroad, call on his followers to head for Najaf and the swift ending to a three-week long fierce battle
Coulthard signs for Red Bull team The deal, thought to be worth 2 million, could prove more lucrative if Coulthard hits performance targets. That, however, is a big  quot;if quot;, given the return of only seven points managed by Mark Webber last term.
Government attacked for not backing Silverstone By Christopher Hope, Business Correspondent (Filed: 05/10/2004). British motor racing legend Sir Jackie Stewart yesterday attacked the Government for not allowing a 16m fund for the motorsport industry to
Thatcher to go it alone MARK Thatcher #39;s wife, Diane, is planning to begin a new life in the US and leave her husband to face the coup scandal alone in South Africa.
Framingham health center seeking new, larger home The Framingham Community Health Center, which just opened in March, is hoping to relocate and expand to serve a fast-growing population of low-income, mostly Brazilian patients.
Bush, Kerry to Campaign in N.M., Fla. (AP) AP - President Bush and John Kerry switched places Sunday, the president campaigning in New Mexico where Kerry was the day before and the Democratic senator taking Bush's place in Florida.
Tsunami Group Will Expand Its Network Officials in charge of the existing international tsunami warning system, have taken an initial step to broaden the network to the Indian Ocean and other possible trouble spots.
New Study Finds Many US Home PCs Infected When technicians examined the PCs of 329 respondents, they found 80 percent loaded with dozens of spyware programs that track the user #39;s browsing habits.
UK launches 10m recycling effort The UK government launches a 10m multi-media advertising campaign to encourage the British public to recycle their waste.
U.S. Basketball Team Loses to Puerto Rico  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States lost their first  basketball match at the Olympics since 1988 on Sunday when  Puerto Rico gave them a shock 92-73 trouncing.
Music labels embrace P2P network Wurld Media has concluded agreements with Sony BMG, Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group to facilitate the licensing of music exchanged on its peer-to-peer music network.
Milosevic War Crimes Trial Resumes The trial of Slobodan Milosevic on war crimes charges has resumed in The Hague with the former Yugoslav president launching a spirited defense.
Cisco Systems Buys P-Cube Under the terms of the agreement, Cisco will pay approximately \$200 million in cash and options. The acquisition of P-Cube is subject to various standard closing conditions and is
Prison Probe Raises Questions About CIA (AP) AP - The latest Army investigation into the Abu Ghraib scandal is raising new questions about whether the CIA, operating outside military rules, contributed to the breakdown of military discipline at the prison.
Pampling takes over lead in Australian Open Rod Pampling took advantage of perfect morning conditions to snatch a four-stroke lead midway through the second round of the centenary Australian Open on Friday.
Cricket #39;s final frontier conquered DEEP in the heart of the Indian subcontinent, the Australian Test side last night was celebrating an historic victory, having conquered cricket #39;s final frontier with a Test to spare.
AMD Rolls Out Low-Cost Net Access Device in India (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chip maker Advanced Micro Devices\ has unveiled a low-cost Internet access device that\could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time\technology users in the developing world.
Vodafone launches ten 3G sets Mobile phone giant Vodafone says it will introduce 10 new 3G handsets, many of which will be useable in both Europe and Japan.
Group: Ivan Damaged Gulf Barrier Islands (AP) AP - Hurricane Ivan's storm surge and pounding waves swamped the barrier islands that stand guard along the central Gulf of Mexico coast, eroding their protective sand and causing millions of dollars in damage, coastal experts said.
Turkey urged to recognise Cyprus The European commission president, Jose Manuel Barroso, today urged Ankara to  quot;go the extra mile quot; - including the recognition of Cyprus - to convince sceptics Turkey is ready to become a candidate for EU membership.
Syria accuses Israel of bomb attack on Hamas official By Inigo Gilmore in Herzliya and Anton La Guardia, Diplomatic Editor. Syria accused Israel last night of planting a bomb in Damascus in an attempt to kill a member of the Hamas militant group.
Knicks deep-six Philly in OT Allan Houston was stuck in a corner, surrounded by the opposition and working against the clock. And yet, at the game #39;s most frantic moment, there was something reassuring about
VERITAS to Acquire E-mail Archiving Leader KVS; Accelerates &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Aug. 31, 2004 -- VERITAS Software Corporation (Nasdaq:VRTS) today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire KVault Software Limited (KVS), the
Index Fingers Point the Way for Male Scientists Male scientists are good at research because they have higher-than-average levels of the female hormone oestrogen which aids analytical skills, a study on Bath University academics today revealed.
Athens Wrestles to Avoid Cell Phone Outages By MATT MOORE    ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- Amid the roar of the crowd, the silence of the phones can be deafening. As thousands of athletes, spectators, journalists, officials and more descend on the Greek capital ahead of the Aug...
Aid worker held in Iraq pleads for her life  BAGHDAD -- Trembling, haggard, and weeping into a tissue, Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped British aid worker who has spent nearly half her life delivering food and medicine in Iraq, begged Britain yesterday to help save her by withdrawing its troops, saying these  quot;might be my last hours. quot;
Jets Trying to Forget Last Giants Game (AP) AP - Don't remind any of the New York Jets about their last meeting with the local rival Giants. The Jets' season pretty much fell apart that Saturday night last summer when Chad Pennington broke his right wrist.
Colombian militia leader dead Bogota, Colombia - The leader of a paramilitary faction involved in peace talks with the government may be among five paramilitary members killed in an ambush on Monday, authorities said.
Violence Erupts Across Iraq at Sites Far From Fallujah Armed insurgents rampaged Thursday through Mosul, Iraq's third-largest city, detonated a massive car bomb in the capital and apparently seized control of two smaller urban centers. This violence took place as U.S. forces continued their major offensive in Fallujah.
WTO starts negotiations on trade facilitation The World Trade Organization (WTO) launched negotiations on trade facilitation at a meeting on Monday. WTO members agreed on a work plan and a schedule of meetings on negotiations
Charterhouse wins battle for Saga Charterhouse has beaten off competition from another private equity player to buy Saga, the company that provides services to the over-50s, for 1.
US airlines agree to cut flights at Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare CHICAGO, Aug 18 (Reuters) - US airlines have agreed to limit flights into Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare International Airport at peak periods to stem record delays that have slowed aviation nationwide, federal officials said on Wednesday.
Ten reported dead in Russian mine blast (AFP) AFP - Ten miners died and about 20 were injured after a gas explosion ripped through a pit in central Siberia trapping dozens of miners, the Interfax news agency reported citing a spokesman for the local government.
Fake Drug Sales Problematic in Mexico By MARK STEVENSON      MEXICO CITY (AP) -- Mexican authorities are investigating the sale of fake or substandard medicine in a border town so popular among Americans seeking cheap medications that it has more pharmacies than streets.    U.S...
New OSes, applications from PalmSource PalmSource has been busy lately, and has now announced updates to both of its OS lines as well as a new web browser and OTA installer.
Kim ties record at State Farm Classic Christina Kim made 11 birdies and tied the tournament record of 10-under-par 62 for a two-shot lead after the opening round of the LPGA State Farm Classic in Springfield, Ill.
Olympics: Soldier Shot Dead, Policeman Held A Greek soldier guarding an Olympic facility in Athens was shot dead Monday after apparently playing game of Russian roulette with a policeman, security sources said.
With Affection's Has Kick With Affection comes from off the pace to pass tiring leaders and gallop to an easy victory Saturday in the \$50,000 Japan Racing Association Handicap on the turf at Pimlico.
State grant to aid Lynn; Bank gives Salem \$10k Central Square in Lynn should be looking a bit brighter. New sidewalks, curbs, fences, lights, landscaping, and road improvements are planned for the Gateway Artisan Block, a key area of the square, with \$830,000 in state grant money given to Lynn last week.
Rayovac Nears Deal for United Industries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Battery maker Rayovac Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ROV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ROV.N&lt;/A&gt; is  close to a deal to acquire privately held United Industries  Corp., a maker of lawn and garden products, for about \$476  million in cash and stock in a bid to diversify its product  mix, sources close to the situation said on Monday.
19-year veteran slated to get bulk of action in 2005 com. The Pittsburgh Pirates acquired veteran catcher Benito Santiago on Thursday from the Kansas City Royals in exchange for minor league right-hander Leo Nunez.
Dollar Stalls as Focus Shifts to Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar stalled on Wednesday after  weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data failed to provide new  direction for the market and focus shifted to what the Federal  Reserve would say after an expected rate rise next week.
Note left on body had death threat THE HAGUE, Netherlands Officials in the Netherlands say the killers of an outspoken filmmaker are also threatening a Dutch politician.
Pinochet charged with murder A Chilean judge has formally charged former dictator Augusto Pinochet with murder and kidnapping in one of many pending cases related to human rights abuses during his 17-year rule.
Beckham ready to return for Real Madrid David Beckham should be fit to return to action for Real Madrid this weekend after a month out with a rib injury, the club said on their website on Wednesday.
Wal-Mart to open up to 15 stores in China next year Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world #39;s largest retailer, said it plans to open as many as 15 new stores in China next year, expanding in the world #39;s fastest-growing economy as the government lifts curbs on foreign store operators.
S amp;P revises outlook for India #39;s currency rating Mumbai, Aug. 23. (PTI): Revising the outlook on India #39;s long-term foreign currency and local currency ratings, Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services today warned that the local currency rating could be lowered
Oil prices decline sharply Oil prices fell sharply yesterday after briefly passing \$54 a barrel amid nagging concerns in the market that the global supply buffer is too thin to handle a significant output disruption.
Panama ex-president to sue Taiwan lawmakers over alleged bribes (AFP) AFP - Panama's former president Mireya Moscoso said she would file a libel suit against a group of Taiwanese lawmakers who accused her of receiving a one-million-dollar  quot;gift quot; from Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian.
Vanunu arrested by Israeli police Israeli former nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu is arrested, seven months after release from jail.
Jets: When it comes to November, Edwards is a fall guy Following the Jets #39; 41-14 shellacking of the Dolphins Monday night, the Jets improved to 10-2 in November under Edwards, who has the best winning percentage in that month among active NFL coaches with a minimum of 10 games.
World Stars lose 6-1 to Swedish Elite League club Goalie Dominik Hasek and the World Stars team of NHL barnstormers lost 6-1 Thursday to Swedish Elite League club Farjestad. Ray Whitney of the Detroit Red Wings scored the World Stars #39; goal before a crowd of 6,037.
Oracle to Splash ECM Market with  #39;Tsunami #39; It #39;s no secret that Oracle (Quote, Chart) has been considering a dip in the enterprise content management well, especially after companies like Microsoft (Quote, Chart), IBM (Quote, Chart) and EMC (Quote, Chart) made such a splash in the sector over the
EMC, Sun tout compliance wares EMC Corp. claims it has hit over 1,000 users and shipped more than 30 petabytes (30,000 TB) of storage capacity since the introduction of its Centera product in April 2002.
Bill Gates Inundated with Spam Steve Ballmer said he, too, is among the most spammed people in the world because he gives out his e-mail address in nearly every speech he makes.
Musharraf to meet Singh at the UN The leaders of India and Pakistan are heading to the US this week for their first face-to-face meeting. They will meet on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly.
Larsson surgery blow Swedish striker Henrik Larsson is expecting his injury, sustained on the weekend playing for Barcelona against Real Madrid, to lead to surgery.
Raptors big men key in ending Jazz win streak The Utah Jazz knew they were going to lose sometime, they just didn #39;t think it would be to guys named Chris Bosh and Loren Woods.
Packers humiliated by Titans GREEN BAY, Wis. - Chris Brown had touchdown runs of 37 and 29 yards as the Tennessee Titans beat the stumbling Green Bay Packers 48-27 on Monday night.
New Aibo is a dancing fool Latest incarnation of Sony's robot hound is a four-legged MP3 player. It'll also fetch pictures while you're away.
McAfee updates target 'phishing' New versions of SpamKiller and personal firewall aim to hook phishers, as online fraud continues to grow.
Murtagh a stickler for success Northeastern field hockey coach Cheryl Murtagh doesn't want the glare of the spotlight that shines on her to detract from a team that has been the America East champion for the past three years and has been to the NCAA tournament 13 times.
Microsoft Ready to Remove Media Player Software giant will follow court orders and comply with EU's demands if necessary.
Sears Shares Soar as Vornado Boosts Stake  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt; shares  jumped as much as 25 percent on Friday after real estate  company Vornado Realty Trust &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VNO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VNO.N&lt;/A&gt; said it raised its stake  in the retailer, a step that could lead Sears convert some of  its real estate assets into cash.
16 including 3 Polish soldiers killed in Iraq BAGHDAD: At least 16 people including one US Marine and three Polish soldiers were killed in violence across Iraq on Wednesday. A bomb exploded near the office of a senior Shiite cleric in Karbala on Wednesday
SpaceShipOne Completes First of Two X Prize Flights (Update1) SpaceShipOne, financed by Microsoft Corp. co-founder Paul Allen and built by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan, rocketed 62 miles over the California desert, completing the first half of
Afghan Vice Presidential Candidate Survives a Bomb Blast Afghan President Hamid Karzai #39;s running mate in Saturday #39;s presidential election escaped unhurt when a bomb exploded near his convoy in the northern city of Faizabad.
Q A: Cognos CEO calls business intelligence ROI a 'fuzzy' metric Cognos CEO Rob Ashe says companies are demanding a more tangible means of measuring the return on their business intelligence investment.
UPDATE 2-KCS buys control of Mexico railroad, resolves spat US transport group Kansas City Southern has agreed to buy a controlling stake in Mexico #39;s busiest railroad in a deal worth at least \$550 million, ending a bitter legal dispute with Mexican company TMM.
Carolina, Clemson fans square off in annual gift of life #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CORDOVA - Collegiate loyalties run deep, and there #39;s no school rivalry any more intense than the one between the Clemson University Tigers and the University of South Carolina Gamecocks, whose fans are even willing to bleed for their teams.
Drawn and Quartered It wasn #39;t supposed to end like this for Pau Gasol and Spain. Not after the way things were going in this Olympics. The Spaniards finished group play an undefeated 5-0
Keane and Vieira in OT fitness race Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira and Manchester United skipper Roy Keane are both battling to be fit for Sunday #39;s Premiership showdown at Old Trafford.
E-mail scam plays on US elections People are being warned about a scam e-mail which uses the US presidential poll to part them from their cash.
HP drops plans to put Compaq technology into HP-UX Hewlett-Packard(HP) has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of Compaq into its flagship HP-UX operating system. The Palo Alto, California, computer maker has instead decided to partner with Veritas Software to bring new file system and clustering capabilities to its Unix software, the two companies announced Thursday.
Staff layoff deal for Alitalia Unions and executives at Italy's Alitalia reach a deal with the government on layoffs, opening the way for a wholesale restructuring.
The idea of Pakistan I was present at the Pakistan National Assembly session in Islamabad when the bill authorising President Pervez Musharraf to retain his uniform was introduced in the House.
Two Hamas militants killed in Gaza airstrike Two members of Izzedin al Qassam Brigades, the armed wing of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas), were killed on Saturday evening in an Israeli airstrike on their car that drove
Dell Sees Market Gains with New Compact Servers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell will begin offering on Monday new  "blade" servers at prices it says will bring the ultra-compact  computers into the business mainstream and allow it to grab  market share from rivals HP and IBM.
Cavaliers Pick Up Gooden 2005-06 Option (AP) AP - The Cleveland Cavaliers picked up Drew Gooden's contract option for 2005-06, hoping the forward will take the spot vacated by departed free agent Carlos Boozer.
UK #39;s Blair to Put Africa at Heart of the G-8 Agenda in 2005 UK Prime Minister Tony Blair this week will put efforts to curb disease and poverty in Africa at the center of the agenda of the Group of Eight industrial nations next year.
Steel yourself for  #39;Grand Theft Auto #39;  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; revved into stores last week, promising its millions of fans another round of electronic mayhem.
Update 1: Proposed Bailout of Trump Casinos Shelved Donald J. Trump may have a new project for his apprentices - helping him try to figure out how to take his troubled casino company private after a proposed bailout fell through.
Restoration Said May Help Gulf of Maine (AP) AP - Improved fish passage on the Penobscot River and recovery of a salt marsh on the west branch of the Pleasant River could bring environmental benefits to the Gulf of Maine, according to a new report.
Enterprise Security Adobe Patches Acrobat Vulnerabilities Adobe has issued a patch for Acrobat Reader to correct a vulnerability that could allow an atacker to take over a user #39;s system with an infected PDF file.
Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory WASHINGTON - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush a major legislative victory on his signature economic issue, tax relief.    Many Democrats complained during debate Thursday that the majority Republicans who control Congress should have offset the lost revenue to keep the nation's soaring deficits from getting worse...
Soldier killed in Iraq convoy crash The bulk of an 850-strong group of British troops are gathering near their new base in a US-controlled area of Iraq. Soldiers from the Black Watch regiment will join up with the first wave of their colleagues
Japanese Bonds Fall as US Sales Figures Damp Export Concern Japanese 10-year bonds fell after the US government said retail sales rose more than expected last month, damping concern demand for Japan #39;s goods will slow.
Elpida Advances as Shares Start Trading in Tokyo (Update2) Shares of Elpida Memory Inc., Japan #39;s sole large-scale producer of memory chips, rose on their first day of trading in Tokyo on investors #39; expectations a focus on consumer electronics
BRITISH PEOPLE HELPED ME WIN IN NEW YORK PAULA RADCLIFFE last night paid tribute to the  quot;incredible support quot; which helped her overcome her Olympic nightmare. Radcliffe fought back from her Athens heartbreak to win the New York Marathon
RIAA files 761 new file-trading lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed new lawsuits against 761 people who allegedly use peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software to trade music files without permission, the trade group announced Thursday.
US FDA to Review Post-Market Safety Checks The US Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) on Friday asked an outside group to review the way the agency monitors safety risks of medicines after they hit the market, such as Merck  amp; Co.
Amazon's A9 Reaches Beyond Google's Basics (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Amazon.com is trying to out-Google the king of Internet search with a new site that puts a fancy face on Google's plain-Jane search results.
The twin challenges in Palestine and other Arab countries The Palestinian intifada marked the completion of its fourth consecutive year yesterday, and, not surprisingly, Palestinian street anger is directed these days at both the Israelis for their brutal occupation and at Yasser Arafat #39;s incompetent and often
Orioles' Bedard Won't Pitch Again in 2004 (AP) AP - Orioles rookie left-hander Erik Bedard has been shut down for the remainder of the year after pitching more than 133 innings in his first full season following elbow ligament replacement surgery.
Bush leaves for overnight trip to Canada in effort to force closer ties (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (CP) - President George W. Bush left early Tuesday for his first official visit to Canada since he was re-elected in an effort to forge friendlier ties.
Israel Urged to Limit Military Response (AP) AP - The State Department called on Israel Friday to limit its military response to a rocket attack by Hamas that killed two small Israeli children.
Web Sites Agree to Be Accessible to Blind (AP) AP - In one of the first enforcement actions of the Americans with Disabilities Act on the Internet, two major travel services have agreed to make sites more accessible to the blind and visually impaired.
Bomb scare forces Singapore plane to UK A Singapore Airlines plane flying to New York from Frankfurt has been diverted to Manchester airport after a bomb threat. The Boeing 747-400 landed safely at around 11.
Car Bomber Attacks Near Baghdad Green Zone (Reuters) Reuters - A suspected suicide car bomb detonated\near a police station beside the protected Green Zone in\Baghdad on Saturday, the latest strike in a guerrilla campaign\to undermine Iraq's inexperienced security forces.
Bomb explodes at Shiite mosque in Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore, injuring several people, police said.
Update 2: DaimlerChrysler, Ford to Invest in Ballard Fuel cell maker Ballard Power Systems Inc. on Friday said it exercised its right to call a 55 million Canadian dollar (\$44.6 million) investment from DaimlerChrysler AG and Ford Motor Co.
PDA market in downward spiral reports IDC palmOne is at the head of a downward spiral of the PDA market according to research group IDC. IDC #39;s figures showed a 8.7 per cent slump year on year for the third quarter of 2004 - the third successive quarter of year on year decline.
The railroading of Ron Artest I am not about to condone the Indiana Pacer #39;s behavior for charging into the stands and swinging at some Detroit Piston fans. As a professional and public figure, he has a responsibility to take the high road with unruly fans.
Two Marines Killed in Fallujah Two Marines killed, three wounded by insurgents during house-clearing in Fallujah.
Stonecipher pushes to end Airbus aid The chief executive of Boeing Co. says his efforts to end government aid programs for rival aircraft manufacturer Airbus SAS are intended to head off a wider trans-Atlantic dispute over subsidies that could end up at the World Trade Organization.
SBC and Microsoft Plan IP TV Service SBC Communications SBC.N on Wednesday said it reached a 10-year, \$400 million deal with Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O to provide next-generation television services.
Busch wins Ford 400 pole HOMESTEAD, Fla. - Kurt Busch wanted everyone else in contention to win the Nextel Cup Series championship to chase him in the Ford 400.
Hamm #39;s case to keep gold goes to arbitrators As he headed by car to JFK airport Saturday evening to fly to Lausanne, Switzerland, to defend his Olympic all-around championship before the Court of Arbitration for Sport, gymnast Paul Hamm was calm and collected.
Olympics-Henin sets gold standard in thrilling comeback Justine Henin-Hardenne staged one of the greatest comebacks of her career to fight back from 5-1 down in the final set and beat French Open champion Anastasia Myskina
Cardinals #39; Kline hopes to return Houston- Although the index finger on his throwing hand was so stiff Saturday he couldn #39;t bend it, St. Louis Cardinals reliever Steve Kline is still hoping to pitch again this postseason.
Kenyan to collect Nobel prize Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai is to be presented with the Nobel Peace Prize for 2004 at a ceremony in Oslo. Professor Maathai, also Kenya #39;s deputy environment minister, is the first African woman
Bolton seek cheap Diouf deal The Liverpool striker is on a season-long loan deal at the Reebok Stadium from Liverpool, yet is currently at the centre of a spitting controversy involving Arjen De Zeeuw.
IOC warns against venue delays Beijing should not wait too long to complete venues for the 2008 Olympics, a top official from the International Olympic Committee said in the capital yesterday.
PM backs curfews, booze bans PRIME Minister John Howard has backed curfews and alcohol bans for Aboriginal communities where leaders want to put them in place.
Australian wildlife authorities fight to save stranded whales Wildlilfe authorities in Australia are concerned by the beaching of dozens of whales in two separate incidents in waters off the state of Tasmania.
Powell sees urgency in N. Korean nuclear talks Previously citing a  quot;sense of urgency quot; on North Korea issues, US Secretary of State Colin Powell headed into Seoul yesterday from China for a two-day visit to discuss international and bilateral affairs.
Judge grants Stewart request NEW YORK - A federal judge Tuesday granted Martha Stewart #39;s request to go to prison as soon as possible, ordering her to report by 2 pm Oct. 8. In an order signed Tuesday, US District Court Judge Miriam Cedarbaum
New Google Service May Strain Old Ties in Bookselling Allowing consumers to search the content of books online could shift the balance of power between companies that produce books and those that sell them.
Symbol rolls out enterprise digital assistant Symbol Technologies has unveiled a multi-function enterprise digital assistant handheld device targeting mobile professionals requiring real-time access to corporate systems while on the move.
UHL Hockey Team Owner Faces Assault Charge (AP) AP - A minor league hockey referee wants assault charges dropped against a team owner who he claimed punched him last week, but prosecutors won't drop the case.
IBM offers companies monthly security report OCTOBER 25, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - IBM today introduced a security service that offers a concise, monthly global-network threat report designed to help organizations assess security needs and vulnerabilities from a business perspective.
Hong Kong Authorities Say Sorry for Blunders, Poll Fair  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong authorities defended  themselves on Wednesday against complaints of poor organization  of Sunday's legislative election, and insisted the poll was  open and honest.
Browns' Suggs Impatient to Start (AP) AP - Waiting has become a part-time job for Lee Suggs, one he'd like to quit for good.
On red planet of life, blue screens of death Evidence from busy rovers suggests one-time presence of water, but system reboots almost dried up the sea of data.
Cavs Dunk Bobcats LeBron James slams down a windmill dunk late in the second quarter and Cleveland never looks back in a 106-89 victory over Charlotte on Thursday night.
North Korea set to allow return for British civil rights &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; North Korea yesterday signalled that it may decide to lift the veil on some of its human rights violations after being challenged to allow the inspection of one of the country #39;s notorious prison
Bird flu spreads to pigs 24/08/2004 - Authorities in China are trying to calm fears over the spread of the deadly avian influenza strain H5N1 to pigs by stating that recent tests carried out on pig farms in the country have shown that the animals are now clear of the disease.
Pippen retires as one of game #39;s best, not one of its most loved He had a body straight out of an NBA laboratory and a face like a Peruvian sun god. He was a versatile Swiss Army Knife who could shoot, pass and run the floor.
Safin crushes Nalbandian for fourth Masters win Marat Safin barged his way past Britain #39;s Tim Henman into sixth place in the race to qualify for next month #39;s Masters Cup in Houston by overpowering David Nalbandian, of Argentina
FSB asks media to be responsible in covering terrorist attacks MOSCOW, October 29 (Itar-Tass) -- The mass media must be invariably aware of their responsibility while covering terrorist attacks, FSB federal security service director Nikolai Patrushev told the State Duma on Friday.
Rooney will help my game - Saha Manchester United striker Louis Saha says the arrival of Wayne Rooney will help him to improve his own game. Rooney arrived at Old Trafford in a 27million deal as a transfer deadline signing on Tuesday to
US plans to break up \$13B Halliburton contract New York (dpa) - The US army plans within months to break up a 13-billion-dollar contract awarded to US company Halliburton to service troops in Iraq into at least six smaller contracts, according to a report Tuesday in The Wall Street Journal #39;s online
Flash memory abounds in PalmOne #39;s Tungsten T5 OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - PalmOne Inc. Monday unveiled a new version of its Tungsten-class personal digital assistant that is designed to protect data even when the device #39;s battery dies.
HD-DVD Promotion Group Formed The HD-DVD Promotion Group will facilitate exchanges of information among hardware companies, device manufacturers and content firms, and organize joint promotion of HD-DVD to support early product launches and market expansion.
Sony PSP Pushed Back to June 2005? August 18, 2004 - CNN #39;s latest Game Over column suggests that Sony may delay the US release of the PSP to June 2005: Activision CEO Bobby Kotick told investors yesterday that his company does not expect the PSP to launch in North America until the second ...
Update 2: IMF Predicts Strongest Growth in 3 Decades The world economy this year should post its best growth in three decades even though oil prices are up sharply and economic activity in the United States probably will be slower than previously thought.
Do Not Adjust Focus. Those Blobs Are Atoms. Scientists have produced the sharpest picture yet taken of atoms, with a resolution of roughly one 400-millionth of an inch.
PONTING BACKS VAUGHAN #39;S MEN Australia are backing England to go on to win the ICC Champions Trophy after losing their one-day stranglehold over their arch rivals yesterday.
Experts Say More People Should Take Statins (AP) -- Perhaps no medicine today is so widely regarded as a wonder drug as the cholesterol-lowering statin. From Zocor to Lipitor to Pravachol, statins are top sellers in a country where half of American adults have high cholesterol...
Ice on jet #39;s wings may have been cause on Ebersol crash Ice on wings may have caused Ebersol crash: Investigators said yesterday they were looking into whether ice on the wings or a mechanical problem contributed to the fiery crash of an executive jet that killed the 14-year-old son of NBC Sports chairman Dick
French leader backs cooperation with Britain but maintains stance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Europe needs to become a power on the international stage, able to stand alongside the United States in shaping a fairer world order, President Jacques Chirac of France said last night.
Seeing is believing with Red Sox Boston pitcher Pedro Martinez holds up the championship trophy after the Red Sox defeated the St. Louis Cardinals 3-0 in Game 4 to win the World Series on Wednesday in St.
#39;04 Series has given us some sloppy baseball To this point -- Boston up 3-0 on St. Louis at Tuesday #39;s press time -- the 2004 World Series has been a major league letdown. I had a feeling that the American League Championship Series was our true World Series.
Google Strikes Deals for Library Content Google reached agreements with several major research libraries to digitize the content of thousands of books in their archives, adding momentum to the search giant #39;s effort to catalog vast amounts of offline information in addition to Web pages, the
Angry Putin rejects public Beslan inquiry The Russian president, Vladimir Putin, refused on Monday to order a public inquiry into last week #39;s siege and massacre at a middle school in the southern town of Beslan
After 68 weeks, inflation returns to HK HONG KONG, AUGUST 25 : After years of steadily falling prices that dragged down salaries and destroyed the value of many apartments, inflation has finally returned here, government statisticians announced early this week.
Boston Prepares For Red Sox Parade Boston Police Commissioner Kathleen O #39;Toole said officials chose not to hold a rally for the Red Sox on City Hall Plaza because of fears that it could create a  quot;dangerous situation.
Mutilated body of woman found FALLUJAH: US Marines yesterday found the mutilated body of what they believe was a Western woman during a sweep of a street in central Fallujah.
Narrow rule feared after Russia lifts leader limits MOSCOW -- The Duma, Russia's lower house of parliament, voted yesterday to overturn a ban on political party leaders becoming ministers, raising fears that Soviet-style one-party rule could make a comeback.
Oil prices close above 50 dollars for the first time NEW YORK For the first time, oil has settled the day priced at more than 50 dollars a barrel. In New York, crude for November delivery rose 48 cents and closed at a record 50 dollars, 12 cents a barrel.
WPP Profit Up 11, Aided by Global Advertising Upturn The WPP Group, the world #39;s second-largest advertising and marketing company, reported on Friday that profit for the first half of the year rose 11 percent, providing further
LiveWire: Advertisers Play with Web Films  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the manager of a coin-operated  laundry seduces a mother and daughter and convinces them to  skip town, there's bound to be trouble, or perhaps a movie  plot.
Jaguar's Coventry plant to close Jaguar's historic Brown's Lane factory in Coventry is to close, Ford has confirmed, with 400 jobs expected to be lost.
Star British rower Matthew Pinsent retires after four Olympic gold HENLEY-ON-THAMES, England (CP) - British rower Matthew Pinsent is passing up a chance for a record-equalling fifth Olympic gold medal.
Late Inter strikes deny Juve Late goals from Christian Vieri and Adriano brought Inter from two down to grab a point with a 2-2 draw against leaders Juventus on Sunday.
Astros' Clemens Leaves Game Against Phillies  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Houston starting pitcher  Roger Clemens left Wednesday's 9-8 win over Philadelphia with a  strained right calf.
E-Vote Vendors Hand Over Software In an effort to increase the integrity of next week #39;s presidential election, five voting machine makers agreed for the first time to submit their software programs to the National Software Reference Library for safekeeping, federal officials said on
India raps backing for rebels NEW DELHI: Pakistan is continuing to send militants into Kashmir to support an insurgency there, but at lower levels than in the past, Indian intelligence sources and military officials said yesterday.
Dell to recall 990,000 laptop adapters Has recalled the power adapters due to a risk of overheating, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock. WASHINGTON: Dell Inc.
Microsoft #39;s Media Launch Won #39;t Lift Earnings Yet Goldman Sachs said new media offerings from Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people )  quot;are not likely to be material to earnings this fiscal year and possibly longer.
Size Matters When It Comes to Nostrils (Reuters) Reuters - Large nostrils count more than a big\nose when it come to smelling power, said German scientists on\Wednesday after completing a three-year-long study aimed at\treating smelling disorders.
Kidnappers seize Egyptians, Iraqis  BAGHDAD -- Kidnappers seized six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for the country's mobile phone company, authorities said yesterday, and Muslim leaders in Britain announced plans to send negotiators to Baghdad in hopes of winning the release of hostage Kenneth Bigley.
India, Pakistan discuss joint project, Kashmir UNITED STATES NEW YORK -- The leaders of India and Pakistan yesterday hailed a new era in often-fraught relations between the two nuclear rivals and agreed to study a joint pipeline project and pursue solutions to the Kashmir conflict. The one-hour private meeting between President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India on the fringes of ...
Embattled Disney head reportedly endorses successor Michael Eisner reportedly has told Walt Disney Co. directors that company President Robert Iger is his  quot;preferred choice quot; to succeed him as chief executive of the media
China's former president Jiang turns over last post to Hu (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - Former president Jiang Zemin turned over his last major post as chairman of the commission that runs China's military to his successor Hu Jintao, the government said Sunday, completing the country's first peaceful leadership transition since its 1949 revolution.
HEADLINE STOCKS: Stocks to Watch, Nov. 17  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch on Wednesday  include Sears, Roebuck   Co., Kmart Holding Corp.,  Hewlett-Packard Co., and Network Appliance Inc.
US Middle East reform initiative to hold first session in Morocco (AFP) AFP - A Washington-inspired project for Middle East reform will begin in Morocco next month by looking at ways of improving cooperation and strengthening political and economic reform, the foreign ministry said.
Cardinals, Dodgers shake things up It happens all the time in hockey, football and basketball, and maybe it will catch on in baseball, too, after players from both teams exchanged handshakes Sunday after the St.
Microsoft Expands Sharing of Source Code (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
Start-up banks on Java hardware boost Hardware expected to begin selling next year is designed to make it faster and more efficient to run Java programs.
HP, Sun Lead in Worldwide Storage Systems Both HP and Sun claimed they were the worldwide leader in storage systems. Sun Microsystems announced that its Network Storage division took the leading position in UNIX disk storage systems factory revenue
U.N.: Explosives Missing from Former Iraq Atomic Site  VIENNA (Reuters) - Nearly 380 tons of explosives are  missing from a site near Baghdad that was part of Saddam  Hussein's dismantled atom bomb program but was never secured by  the U.S. military, the United Nations said Monday.
Cingular Tips Hand On Wireless Broadband, 3G Plans Cingular will not only roll out a 3G UMTS cellular data network next year, but it also will use even faster wireless technology that will compete, at least in part, with wireless broadband technologies like WiMAX.
Search upstart launches site with sights set on Google Online search engine upstart Vivisimo is setting out to convince the masses that Google #39;s vaunted technology isn #39;t the most efficient way to find things on the Internet.
Westpac just gets stronger WESTPAC said yesterday it was on track with its plans for the first two months of 2005 and expected to deliver strong full-year results, despite intensifying competition.
Schilling still may pitch for Boston against New York BOSTON -- With a balky ankle and tight shoes, Curt Schilling took the mound on Friday, throwing batting practice speed in the bullpen during a steady rain.
SI.com TORONTO (Ticker) -- Seattle Mariners pitcher Cha Seung Baek will not have many fond memories of his first major league start. Baek gave up six runs in the second inning and did not make it out of the third
UK Palace 'Batman' Prompts Urgent Security Review  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain promised an urgent security  review at Buckingham Palace on Tuesday after a campaigner  dressed as Batman evaded armed police in a dramatic five-hour  protest at Queen Elizabeth's London residence.
A Proud Father One of the most dynamic players on the Cavaliers team, Darryl Blackstock, makes sure that he takes care of his 15-month-old son.
Top Two Seeds Ousted in Vienna  VIENNA (Reuters) - Top seeds David Nalbandian and Nicolas  Massu were beaten in the quarterfinals of the Vienna Trophy  Friday.
This support for Kerry came at a bad time Last Thursday #39;s presidential debate was still in progress when the e-mails started trickling in from citizens around the country.
This phone blooms into a flower Toss that old cell phone into the dirt and you may return a few weeks later to find a flower. Scientists say they have come up with a phone cover that will grow into a sunflower when thrown away.
Increased Sales Power Tool Company Profit  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Black   Decker Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BDK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BDK.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday reported a 51 percent increase in third-quarter  profit, topping estimates, as sales and profit margins improved  in power tools and home hardware.
CA to name CEO in 30 to 45 days Computer Associates has been without a permanent CEO since Sanjay Kumar stepped down in April. Kumar was indicted last month on charges related to accounting scandal at CA and has pleaded innocent to the charges.
Olympus flashes music player-camera combo com October 15, 2004, 10:55 AM PT. Japanese camera giant Olympus this week unveiled a portable hard drive music player that can also function as a camera.
US wants talk on North Koreas nuclear weapons program resume North Korea threatened on Saturday to double the size of its nuclear deterrent and the United States rejected its conditions for a resumption of talks, leaving the two nations in a dangerous stalemate.
German virus-boy gets job before trial The German teenager awaiting trial for crippling computers worldwide this year with two viruses has been hired by a software security company.
Azeri Protest Spoils US, China Taekwondo Gold The taekwondo Olympic competition degenerated into chaos Saturday when irate Azerbaijan coaching staff stormed the fighting area in ugly scenes which overshadowed US and Chinese gold medals.
Car Bomb Explodes in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Nov 2 - A car bomb exploded Tuesday in the busy commercial district of Azamiyah in northern Baghdad, causing casualties, the Interior Ministry said.
Internet Explorer loses browser market share to young pretender Open Source browsers are continuing to eat into the market share of Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer. According to market analysts WebSideStory, Internet Explorer held 92.
Analyzing the Conference Finals Matchups Meyers, who was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2003, broadcasts WNBA and women #39;s NCAA games for ABC and ESPN. She has also been a regular Blog Squad contributor to WNBA.
78-year-old on trial in Pitcairn A 78-year-old man has became the latest to face sex abuse allegations on the remote British Pacific colony of Pitcairn Island, founded more than 200 years ago by mutineers.
Time Warner Sees AOL Ad Revenue at Near \$1 Billion Time Warner Inc. (TWX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday its America Online Internet unit, once seen as the company #39;s red-headed stepchild, could contribute some of the company #39;s most explosive revenue growth.
Four vendors team up on new standardized Linux NOVEMBER 17, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Four small Linux vendors have joined together to create a new Linux Standard Base 2.0-compliant binary set that they hope will attract independent software vendors and hardware makers to port their wares to the new code
Surprise Starter Stars Freshman Chad Henne, not Matt Gutierrez, leads No. 8-ranked Michigan to a 43-10 triumph over Miami (Ohio) with two touchdowns passes on Saturday.
Yahoo, Earthlink Build Bulwark Against Spoofing There are several technologies similar to DomainKeys, including Cisco #39;s Identified Internet Mail and Microsofts #39;s SenderID.
The Song Remains the Same (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - In an August memo typed from his hospital bed, Steve Jobs--Apple's chief executive, patriarch and media impresario--let his employees know he would be out for a month to recover from surgery to remove a rare form of pancreatic cancer. Patients with this type of cancer, called an islet cell neuroendocrine tumor, have a 90 survival rate, especially if treated early. Apple says Jobs is due back in September.
Greene Seeks Revenge for Olympic Defeat Maurice Greene will be seeking belated revenge after losing his Olympic 100 meters title to Justin Gatlin when the two Americans meet in an international meeting Thursday.
Syracuse upsets No. 17 Boston College Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards two touchdowns and scored again on an interception Saturday as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No.
Briefly: EA to take World Cup soccer to Xbox roundup Plus: IBM chalks up two health care wins...Vonage users dial 311 for city info...Mozilla makes Japanese push...Macromedia offers Flash video tool.
AT amp;T Wireless ships mobile IM gadget US mobile network operator AT amp;T Wireless today launched Ogo, its first non-voice messaging device, pitched at the  #39;yoof #39; market - in particular those who only like to communicate by text.
Catching Spammers May Cost Big Bucks Putting a bounty on spammer #39;s heads, as proposed in the CAN-SPAM Act, could be an expensive undertaking, according to a report from the Federal Trade Commission.
Palestinians to see Arafat despite wife #39;s fury Palestinian leaders headed to Paris on Monday to see critically ill President Yasser Arafat at a French military hospital despite a scathing attack by his wife who accused them of plotting to  quot;bury him alive.
Poor season dooms Melvin Asked last Friday if he had been given any news of his fate or his future with the Mariners, Bob Melvin said he had not.  quot;But look around the office, quot; he said with a grim smile.
Xstrata threatens to pull offer Xstrata yesterday threatened to withdraw its hostile 2.9 billion takeover offer for WMC if the Australian miner indicated it would dilute value by paying out up to A\$1 billion in cash to shareholders.
Russian school attack offers difficult lessons to learn President Bush was quick to express solidarity with the Russian people last week after the terrorist attack on a Russian school that left more than 330 dead.
NATO Troops Wound, Arrest Serb War Crimes Fugitive  SARAJEVO (Reuters) - NATO-led troops injured a Bosnian Serb  war crimes suspect in a shootout Tuesday after he resisted  arrest and opened fire on them, the peace force said.
Australia #39;s Dish ready to for another brush with fame For Australians, the  quot;Dish quot; as they like to call the giant antennae of the Parkes radio telescope is nearly as well known as the Sydney Opera House.
Judge Will Mull Voiding UAL Union Deals  CHICAGO (Reuters) - A federal bankruptcy judge agreed on  Friday to consider a motion by United Airlines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; to  cancel its union contracts to save \$725 million annually.
IT Association slams government THE Information Technology Association of America (ITAA) says the government #39;s  #39;Get It Right #39; policy in regards to IT contracts is total nonsense.
Developments concerning Iraq Iraq #39;s interim prime minister warns that efforts to resolve the standoff in Fallujah peacefully have entered their  #39; #39;final phase #39; #39; and says he won #39;t hesitate to launch  #39; #39;a military solution.
In a Fan's Eyes, the World Turns Upside Down There was a breakdown in the cosmic order Wednesday night. At least that's how it felt to Yankees fans.
Kidnapped Aid Official Begs Blair To Save Her Pleading for her life between terrified sobs, kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan appeared on a videotape Friday urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to abandon Iraq
Fighting Blocks Aid Workers In Darfur From Reaching 100,000 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United Nations says fighting and other strife is preventing aid workers from reaching 100-thousand people in Darfur who need help.
Micorsof India launches new software Microsoft India today announced the launch of  #39;Express #39; product line for SQL server and visual studio, mainly targeted at entry-level developers and programming enthusiasts who are interested in experimenting with application development.
Reeling Kiwis try to get back on the wagon IF, as New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming suggested in the wake of yesterday #39;s embarrassing capitulation, his team began the day with a  quot;mental hangover quot; then he faces a devil #39;s own job getting them back on the wagon in time for the next Test, starting
Powell Prods N. Korea to End Nuclear Programs Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, in Asia to prod North Korea to return to talks on ending its nuclear programs, said Sunday that while there is still time to resolve the impasse, "there is a sense of urgency."
China mine blast toll rises to 50 as hopes for missing workers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHENJIASHAN MINE, China : The death toll from a blast in a north China coal mine rose to 50 after more than 20 bodies were found as hopes of finding alive another 116 trapped workers all but vanished.
Pathmark may look for buyer Pathmark Stores, which owns 142 supermarkets in the city and throughout the northeast, hired Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein to advise it on options, including a possible sale of the company.
HP's Unix base offered Opteron carrot &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; Come for a stroll in the Sun
Oil Prices Down to \$49 Crude oil prices were back at the \$49-a-barrel level Monday, after a one-day bounce Friday. The benchmark US crude was off 54 cents at \$49.
Spam  #39;under control #39; in two years: Gates SPAM could become a thing of the past in around two years #39; time, Microsoft chairman Bill Gates said on a visit to Madrid.  quot;Spam is a major security problem, quot; Mr Gates said, noting that progress had been made in the fight against unsolicited mail.
Asian Stocks Rise on U.S. Tech Advances  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Investors bought shares in Asian  exporters and electronics firms such as Fujitsu Ltd. on  Tuesday, buoyed by a favorable outlook from U.S. technology  bellwethers and a slide in oil prices.
Ocean Survey Finds New Fish, Tuna Migration Routes (Reuters) Reuters - A survey of the world's oceans is\turning up more than two new species of fish a week and\revealing huge trans-ocean migration routes by creatures from\turtles to tuna, scientists say.
Taiwan #39;s Delta sees losses from IBM adapter recall Taiwan electronics components maker Delta Electronics Inc said on Friday a recall of power adapters for laptop computers would cost it less than T\$50 million (\$1.
Financial Firms Hasten Their Move to Outsourcing A myriad of financial institutions including banks, mutual funds, insurance companies, investment firms and credit-card companies are sending work to overseas locations.
No. 14 Arizona Defeats Arizona St. 97-79 (AP) AP - Salim Stoudamire had 15 of his 18 points in the second half, helping No. 14 Arizona turn a close game into a 97-79 rout of Arizona State in their Pac-10 opener Sunday.
When the Price Is a Penny, What Profit? A surprising number of items on eBay are available for just one cent. So where is the profit? (Hint: Watch those shipping charges.)
Sun's OpenSolaris Plans Start to Emerge (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company will launch an OpenSolaris site on Friday, but an open-source version of Sun's operating system is still a long way off.
Intel's Dual-Core Chips Debut Company outlines plans for Yonah notebook processor, demonstrates desktop chip.
Survey: Porn to Boost Wireless Web Services (Reuters) Reuters - Mobile phone users around the world\will spend  #36;1 billion a year on pornography sent to their\handsets by 2008, which may boost the wireless services sector\much as it fueled growth in the fixed-line Internet, a market\research firm said.
Ferdinand to repay Ferguson debt of honour (AFP) AFP - Rio Ferdinand plans to repay a debt of honour to Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson for standing by him when he returns from his eight month ban for missing a drugs test against Liverpool on Monday.
US to purchase flu vaccine from Canada, Germany The US government is planning to purchase 5 million doses of flu vaccine from Canadian and German plants to deal with their shortages, the Canadian Broadcast Corporation (CBC) reported Monday.
Whistling Straits Proves It's Major League Whistling Straits has received magnificent reviews during the P.G.A. Championship, which is currently in a three-man playoff between Justin Leonard, Vijay Singh and Chris DiMarco.
U.S. Furious at Proposal That Hamm Return His Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - U.S. Olympic chiefs reacted furiously  Friday to a suggestion all-round champion Paul Hamm should give  his gold medal to a South Korean rival under a plan floated by  the governing body of world gymnastics.
Budget math deflating many Bush initiatives (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A number of spending initiatives promoted by President Bush as he seeks re-election are set to get less money than he wants from the Republicans who control Congress.
Limited EyeToy Support in GT4 November 09, 2004 - In a surprise move, Sony Computer Entertainment and Polyphony Digital revealed today that Gran Turismo 4 will feature limited EyeToy support.
HAL to showcase its wares for Putin Bangalore: Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) will line up its newly developed fighter aircraft, including the first Sukhoi 30 Mk1 that it assembled for the Indian Air Force (IAF), when the Russian President, Vladimir Putin, visits its Bangalore complex on
Today's schedule Pro basketball: Exhibition: Celtics vs. Detroit at the FleetCenter, 6 p.m. College field hockey: Harvard at BU, 3 p.m.; UConn at Fairfield, 3 p.m.; Gordon at Framingham St., 3 p.m.; Keene St. at Endicott, 3:30 p.m.; Colby at St. Joseph's (Maine), 4 p.m.; Brown at Holy Cross, 5 p.m.; UNH at BC, 7 p.m.; Regis at Simmons, 7 p.m.
Julien plays target golf Swiss golfer Julien Clement would give anything today for a repeat of his seven-under first-round 64 at the Madrid Open. The 23-year-old is 174th in the European Order of Merit and must finish first or second in Spain to keep his tour card for next year.
European broadband access up 60 on 2003 In the past 12 months, the number of people actively surfing the web from home each month in Europe has grown by 12 per cent to 10m, according to numbers from internet research firm Nielsen NetRatings.
Canadian spammer hunted by Amazon and Microsoft Online retailer Amazon and Microsoft have teamed up to sue a Canadian spamming operation the companies allege is responsible for sending millions of forged e-mails claiming to have come from Amazon.
Greece #39;s funding under threat The European commission threatened yesterday to suspend development funds to Greece in response to Athens #39;s admission that it had disguised the extent of the country #39;s debts in order to join the euro.
Dollar Dips Ahead of Greenspan, Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slipped on Thursday as  traders adjusted positions to neutral levels ahead of Friday's  key U.S. payrolls report but some analysts think the currency  is poised to rally against the euro.
Eisner, on Ovitz, describes a culture clash at Disney GEORGETOWN, Delaware It was at his mother #39;s funeral in the summer of 1996 that Michael Eisner, the chief executive of Walt Disney, knew he had to dismiss the president he had hired just 10 months earlier.
Motorola to Invest \$90 Million in China R D Center  BEIJING (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. said on Friday it plans  to invest \$90 million in a new research facility in Beijing as  the U.S. mobile phone maker fights to wrest back top position  in the domestic handset market.
India #39;s central bank pushes up key rate NEW DELHI India #39;s central bank on Tuesday unexpectedly raised a key interest rate for the first time in four years, saying that soaring commodity prices and corporate demand for credit threatened to fuel inflation.
Youhana sidelined India A magnificent unbeaten 81 from Yousuf Youhana and a devastating late cameo from Shahid Afridi made all the difference as Pakistan held their nerve to win a thrilling encounter at Edgbaston.
Cassini #39;s Titan Data Awaited from Saturn The Cassini spacecraft zoomed past Saturn #39;s largest moon early Monday, its radars and other science instruments piercing Titan #39;s thick atmosphere in search
OPEC Projects Big Winter Oil Stockbuild  LONDON (Reuters) - The OPEC cartel on Thursday revised down  its expectations of oil demand growth for next year and  projected a rare big winter stockbuild if the group keeps  producing at current levels.
High-Tech Buildings May Save Energy (AP) AP - Buildings are getting smarter  #151; and the next generation of building materials is expected to do even more. Windows could trap the sun's energy to heat hot water. Sensors that measure the carbon dioxide exhaled by people in a room could determine whether the air conditioning needs to be turned up.
Dream Team Puts U.S. at Goal of 100 Medals ATHENS, Greece - While the U.S. men's basketball team fell short of its gold-medal goal, the bronze it won Saturday night helped the American delegation reach a bigger goal - it was the 100th U.S...
Data mixed on economy WASHINGTON -- A string of government reports yesterday offered a mixed picture of the US economy.
SunTrust reportedly will close 60 branches after merger SunTrust Banks (NYSE: STI) will close about 60 branches after the completion of its acquisition of Memphis, Tenn.-based National Commerce Financial Corp.
Charlotte trumps field with 9.7 percent chance NEW YORK -- The Charlotte Sting, who just missed the playoffs last season, won the WNBA draft lottery on Wednesday night. After finishing just two games under .500, the Sting will have the first pick in the WNBA draft in April 2005.
A Sense of Security An Independent News writer tells of his switch from Windows to a 15-inch PowerBook,:  #147;Two months in, I have a prevailing sense of security and safety. There #146;s been not a sniff of system meltdown. The software and security updates are easy, convenient and (via broadband) fast. The sense of considerable computing power and massive processing going on is very evident, but it feels secure behind the OS X firewall and a router; and all with no need for antivirus software. #148; Aug 20
Oil Extends Slide After Stockbuild Drop (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices continued falling on\Thursday after an unexpectedly large rise in U.S. crude\inventories spurred profit-taking from record highs.
Bernie still maintains claim on centerfield Regardless of what he may have told Carlos Beltran when their paths crossed last May, Bernie Williams made it clear yesterday that he won #39;t be conceding centerfield until the Yankees tell him to do so.
Seoul cautious about anti-US tariffs November 29, 2004  Seoul said yesterday it would be cautious about levying retaliatory tariffs on US products, after the World Trade Organization on Friday gave Korea and six other economies the green light to enact such tariffs in response to a US
Swedish team stacked because of lockout A look at European hockey rosters shows that Sweden #39;s MoDo might have benefited the most from the NHL #39;s lockout. By Karl Gehring, AP/The Denver Post.
Mladin notches seventh Superbike win AUSTRALIAN Mat Mladin claimed his seventh win of the season today in the opening race of the US Superbike Championship double-header in Georgia.
Australia says Asian anti-terror allies not targets of pre-emptive strikes (AFP) AFP - Australia's government moved to reassure its Asian neighbours that plans for pre-emptive strikes on overseas terrorist bases would not involve attacks on its partners in the war against terror.
Hoping for a miracle on grass The Red Sox trotted out Berge Avadanian to make the ceremonial  quot;Play Ball quot; announcement before Game 5 of the American League Championship Series last night at Fenway Park.
Crude Oil Prices Top \$50 Per Barrel LONDON - Crude oil topped the psychological milestone of \$50 per barrel Tuesday for the first time, and a Saudi Arabian oil official said the world's largest petroleum exporter would raise its production capacity by nearly 5 percent in a bid to calm prices.    Analysts said instability in the Middle East, political unrest in Nigeria, Africa's top oil exporter, and damage to U.S...
Soldier, 4 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting Four Palestinian militants and an Israeli soldier were killed Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting since Yasser Arafat #39;s death, raising the prospect that renewed violence could complicate a vote for his successor.
WebEx Mixes Meetings With Sales Force Automation WebEx Communications is one of the pioneers of real-time collaboration applications. In fact, to many companies the name WebEx is synonymous with online meetings.
I Love Bees Game a Surprise Hit An alternate-reality game conceived as a marketing ploy is gaining a huge and obsessive following. Fans of I Love Bees stalk pay phones, organize mass salutes and even use the presidential debate to connect with each other. By Daniel Terdiman.
Group Seeks Ways to Prosecute Cybercrime Governments and private sector officials from around the world sought ways Thursday to jointly combat cybercrime, whose growth mirrors the phenomenal rise of the Internet #39;s popularity.
Study uncovers ants #39; 60 degrees of navigation Ants use angled signposts and tiny scent markers to find their way home or follow the path into the wilderness, according to a study published in British science weekly Nature.
Dell, Microsoft make a patch pact for servers Dell and Microsoft have launched a joint development project to improve the management of Dell servers with Microsoft software. The two companies said Monday that they have integrated their respective management
SCO Slides Again Picking on SCO Group (Nasdaq: SCOX) is really too easy. Unfortunately, it #39;s also necessary, if only as an ongoing cautionary tale for Foolish investors.
States get 3 years for NIMS State and local leaders have three years to establish and implement systems and practices needed to ensure seamless response to emergencies and incidents or else federal grants will be withheld, Homeland Security Department officials said this month.
EU waits on Oracle-PeopleSoft (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The European Commission is likely to follow opinion in the U.S. on the merger suit.
Malaysia turtle nesting sites at risk -scientists KIJAL, Malaysia, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Malaysia, once a major breeding ground, is in danger of losing its ocean-roaming leatherback turtles as humans eat their eggs, trap them in fishing nets and encroach on nesting sites, scientists said on ...
Why we enjoy telling people off Telling people off activates a part of the brain linked to enjoyment and satisfaction, say scientists.
Plane diverted to Ireland AN Olympic Airways plane bound for New York with 295 passengers aboard was being diverted to Shannon airport in Ireland after an Athens newspaper received warning of a bomb on board, a company spokesman said.
Ballmer: Microsoft Courting Linux Users, Longhorn Worth Wait Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has made courting Linux users and those considering the open-source option a top priority and said the sheer volume of innovation that Longhorn development efforts
Disney to Hire Search Firm to Find New Chief by June Disney directors said they would hire an executive search firm immediately and name a successor by June to replace Michael D. Eisner, the current chief executive.
Cisco snags routing start-up Cisco systems announced on Thursday that it has finalized a definitive agreement to acquire privately held BCN Systems. Cisco had been an investor in the Santa Clara, Calif.
New Object in Saturn #39;s F Ring A small newly found object, temporarily designated S/2004 S 3, has been seen orbiting Saturn #39;s outer F ring. The tiny object, seen in this movie centered in a green box, orbits the planet at a distance of
Magic acquire Brandon Hunter from Bobcats Orlando, FL (Sports Network) - The Orlando Magic acquired forward Brandon Hunter from the Charlotte Bobcats on Monday in exchange for guard Keith Bogans.
Aragones: My Conscience Is Clear Luis Aragones has hit back in the racism row after he was grilled by the media ahead of Spain #39;s friendly clash with England. The 63-year-old coach stated that his conscience is clear when asked about remarks
White Sox manager sent to hospital White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen, set to start a two-game suspension Tuesday night, went to a hospital before the game against Detroit because of pain in his back and side.
Rossi named new Atalanta coach Serie A strugglers Atalanta have named Delio Rossi as their new coach, the club announced on its website on Tuesday. Rossi, the 44-year-old who previously coached Salerno and Lecce in Italy #39;s top-flight, replaces Andrea Mandorlini.
UK Gives Open Source The OK (TechWeb) TechWeb - A UK government report encourages public agencies to consider using Linux and other open-source alternatives to commercial software.
Nvidia to work on PlayStation 3 chip Graphics chip leader Nvidia announced Tuesday that it is working with Sony to develop the graphics processor for the next version of Sony #39;s PlayStation video game console.
Firm Cashes in on Google Warrants By CHRISTOPHER WANG    NEW YORK (AP) -- Executive search firm Heidrick   Struggles International Inc. (HSII) on Friday said it bagged nearly \$130 million by selling Google Inc...
Spirit finds more evidence of water LOS ANGELES (AP)  The twin Mars rovers have found a wonderland of weird rocks and enticing dunes along with more evidence the Red Planet once had water, NASA scientists said Wednesday.
Peugeot and Citroen to pull out of racing Peugeot and Citroen are to withdraw from the world championship at the end of 2005, the PSA group that owns them announced yesterday, just two days after Ford reaffirmed its commitment to the competition.
Arctic Birds Use Scent to Find Their Mates (AP) AP - Antarctic birds returning to a nesting colony after feeding at sea sniff out their mates, literally. Researchers studying the behavior of birds called Antarctic prions found the musky-smelling birds were able to discern the scent of their mates.
LVMH First-Half Profit Advances 49 on Airport Stores (Update1) LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, the world #39;s largest luxury-goods maker, said first-half profit rose 49 percent as travelers returned to its Asian airport stores and US shoppers bought more champagne and cognac.
Criminals Prey on Tsunami Victims Across the World  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Thieves, rapists, kidnappers and  hoaxers are preying on tsunami survivors and families of  victims in Asian refugee camps, hospitals and in the home  countries of European tourists hit by the wave.
Erickson cites mistakes, but backs Rattay After watching his offense struggle the last two weeks, Giants coach Tom Coughlin announced Monday he was benching Kurt Warner in favor of rookie Eli Manning.
Karstadt calls for staff pay cuts Struggling German department store owner KarstadtQuelle says it must cut staff wages by up to 10 in an effort to avoid job cuts.
Iraqi Forces Move Close to Najaf Shrine - Witness  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi security forces advanced to  within 400 meters (yards) of Najaf's Imam Ali shrine on  Tuesday, a Reuters witness said.
Twins sign veteran Mulholland to minor league deal Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins have come to terms with veteran pitcher Terry Mulholland on a minor league contract.
Israelis seize Vanunu inside cathedral MORDECHAI VANUNU, the former technician who exposed Israels secret nuclear weapons programme, was detained by Israeli police for several hours yesterday, seven months after completing an 18-year prison sentence for treason.
Suicide bombing in Jerusalem kills 1 A female suicide bomber set off a blast Wednesday in the French Hill section of Jerusalem killing one person, police and emergency services said.
Stocks Down Slightly; Economic Data Mixed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended slightly lower on  Friday as a higher-than-expected jump in U.S. producer prices  helped to offset a fall in oil prices and dividend hikes from  General Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; and SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Someone must stop this deal If ever a global takeover deserves to be shot down by Ottawa, the China Minmetals senseless plan to play games of global Monopoly with Noranda Inc.
Microsoft quarterly revenue hits \$9.1 billion Microsoft posted its first-quarter 2005 financial results last week, reporting revenue of US\$9.19 billion and net income of \$2.9 billion.
Budget airline faces bankruptcy Italy's Volare is expected to be declared insolvent, as it becomes the latest casualty of budget airline competition.
Canada withdraws subs OTTAWA - Canada has decided to temporarily withdraw from service three British-made submarines after a fire on a fourth vessel, the Defence Ministry said in a statement yesterday.
Three Japan Quake Victims Found After Four Days In a drama that gripped Japanese watching on live television, a two-year-old toddler was pulled alive from a car that had been buried under tons of rock and mud for nearly four days after a deadly earthquake.
New US Study Faults Automakers for Whiplash Automakers are failing to equip most car models sold in the United States with seats and head restraints that provide good protection against neck injuries in rear-end crashes, according to a new insurance industry study.
Jukebox is reborn for the Internet age The Internet has changed the way people listen to music in their personal space. (Think iPod and other portable music players.) Now, it's also changing the way people listen to music in public places, such as restaurants and bars.
Revived Wizards remain on a roll One of the longest-running curiosities in sports is why fans in Atlanta don #39;t come out to professional sports events. And many fans who showed up at Philips Arena last night
eBay buys Rent.com Internet auction firm eBay agrees to buy Rent.com for \$415m (214m), giving it access to more of the online property market.
Sun: We've turned over a new leaf The server giant failed to deliver what customers asked for, execs tell a confab crowd. But that's all changed, they promise.
Danske makes 1bn Irish acquisition Denmark #39;s biggest financial group, Danske Bank, has agreed to purchase Northern Bank in Northern Ireland and National Irish Bank in the Republic of Ireland from National Australia Bank for 967 million.
The best view of all is our beautiful planet You #39;re speeding through space at 28 000 kilometres per hour, at times the outside temperature gets down to a chilling minus two hundred degrees Celsius, there is no quick getaway.
Japan Protests Incursion by Nuclear Sub Japan lodged a formal protest with the Chinese government on Friday after determining that an unidentified nuclear submarine that entered its territorial waters this week belonged to China.
Pinsent considers future British rower Matthew Pinsent is undecided whether to go for a fifth gold medal in Beijing.
Commercial space industry blasts off Now that rocketmen in the desert have soared into space and captured the St. Louis-based Ansari X Prize, commercial space travel seems as close as ever.
Microsoft monthly bulletin includes five new warnings Microsoft released five security bulletins on Tuesday as part of its monthly update cycle, warning of vulnerabilities that put computers running Windows at risk of attack.
Canucks re-sign Sedin twins CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Vancouver Canucks have re-signed the Sedin twins for another season. Henrik and Daniel Sedin each agreed to one-year deals with the Canucks on Friday.
Ahold Confident #39; of EU2.5 Billion Asset Goal After Spain Sale Royal Ahold NV, owner of the Giant and Stop  amp; Shop supermarkets in the US, is confident #39; #39; the company can reach its goal of raising 2.5 billion euros (\$3.
1.2 million flu shots will stay in Canada after all VANCOUVER - A Vancouver-based firm won #39;t sell 1.2 million doses of influenza vaccine to the United States after all, announcing Tuesday that it will sell the doses within Canada instead.
IBM launches Power chip alliance IBM has launched an alliance with 14 other companies to make Big Blue #39;s Power processor more adaptable and widely used. The partnership, called Power.
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 BIG THREE -- Brockton at Durfee, 7. GREATER BOSTON -- Arlington at Everett, 7; Cambridge at Peabody, 7; Somerville at Revere, 7.
Henman in Basel brush Tim Henman was due to began his bid for a third Swiss Indoors title in Basel today as the top-ranked player following the withdrawal of Roger Federer with a thigh injury.
IBM Could Lose Half Its PC Prospects To Dell, HP Almost half of the US enterprises who were IBM PC prospects said that they #39;re ready to consider Dell or HP now that the Armonk, NY-based giant is dumping its desktop and laptop business, a research firm reported Thursday.
No predicting a men #39;s winner Picking the men #39;s winner of the US Open, which will begin today in Flushing Meadows, NY, is no sure thing, based on what happened at the year #39;s two previous Grand Slam events.
Bank of America To Lay Off 4,500 Bank of America will begin this month to cut 4,500 jobs across the company, predominantly in non-customer-facing positions. Bank of America said the cuts will spell \$150 million in severance
FA won #39;t consider part-time England boss September 24, 2004. The Football Association have released a statement to deny reports that have suggested the role of England manager will be reduced to a part-time position.
Google Launches Beta of SMS Search Queries Google has launched a beta test to let US mobile phone and handheld device users tap into its search results via the short message service (SMS) platform.
Yao #39;s 39 carries China past New Zealand ATHENS, Greece - Yao Ming bounced back from a rough opening game with 39 points and 13 rebounds to lead China to a 69-62 victory over New Zealand in the men #39;s basketball Group A tournament Tuesday.
Cleric at Arafat's Bedside During 'Final Phase' A top Islamic cleric rushed from the West Bank to Yasser Arafat's hospital bedside Wednesday in what an aide to the Palestinian leader called the "final phase" of his life.
Thrilling Relay Win Gets Phelps Third Gold ATHENS, Greece - Now this was a duel in the pool. With Michael Phelps leading off Tuesday night, the United States bested its rival from Down Under in the most thrilling race of the Athens Games...
UK welcomes progress made by India, Pakistan : Shillong, Nov 19 : The UK today welcomed the progress made by India and Pakistan to normalise bilateral relations and said it would support this endeavour  #39;only from outside #39;.
African Union Urges Sudan, Rebels Overcome Impasse (Reuters) Reuters - The African Union urged\Sudan's government and Darfur rebels to remain engaged in peace\talks Monday, after negotiations foundered over what the U.N.\has called the world's worst humanitarian crisis.
Bringing Space Composites Down to Earth European Space Agency -- Innovative uses for plastics, rubber and their derivatives will be on display next week in Dsseldorf, at the world's leading trade fair for plastics and rubber, K2004.     A team from ESA will be present to show visitors how these commonplace materials can be used in space  and how this can lead to new technology for use on Earth...
GOLF: Woods-Mickelson not dream team Tiger Woods paired with Phil Mickelson. A dream team in golf gloves. Together, they would lead the charge at the Ryder Cup, carry the United States into an early lead, discourage the Europeans, ignite the home crowd.
Microsoft, Sun claim progress on interoperability deal DECEMBER 02, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said yesterday that they #39;re pleased with the progress they have made in the early stages of the 10-year alliance they forged in April (see story).
Stock Futures Rise as Oil Prices Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks pointed to a slightly  higher open on Monday as investors seek bargains and oil prices  stay below last week's record high of nearly \$50 a barrel.
FRANCIS CRICK: THE PIONEER OF DNA Dr. Francis Crick, a renowned radicular Biologist, died of cancer on July 29, 2004. Prof. D. Wilson Devaprasad, an ardent reader of SOM had the opportunity of listening to his talk on  #39;DNA Helix #39; at Hyderabad in 1981.
North Sea oil decline widens trade gap The steady decline in output from the North Sea pushed Britain to a deficit in oil trade for the first time in 13 years in July, and widened the overall trade deficit to its worst since January.
DS Dead Pixels Issue If you got a Nintendo DS, you may have been one of the unlucky few to have gotten systems with a  quot;dead pixel. quot; This dead pixel is a tiny dot on the screen that is stuck on one color and never changes.
New model Safin rediscovers hot shots One of the best things that could happen to tennis would be for Marat Safin to return consistently to the form that enabled him to capture the 2000 US Open title - and at last there were signs of this yesterday as the charismatic Russian won his first
Brunei Parliament Reopens, But No Talk of Election The monarch of oil-rich Brunei reopened the tiny country #39;s parliament for the first time in 20 years on Saturday, but made no mention of elections and warned his subjects not to get carried away.
Black steps down as Hollinger CEO MONTREAL: Media tycoon Conrad Black resigned as chairman and CEO of Hollinger, the Canadian holding company for the media empire he built, a company statement said.
Gateway PCs Available at Micro Center Stores  quot;Gateway #39;s newly-established relationship with Micro Center is a very exciting one, quot; said Bob Davidson, senior vice president of retail at Gateway.
Disney Confirms Eisner to Leave in 2006 Michael Eisner will leave the Walt Disney company in 2006 when his contract expires, the company said today.
Brown Says He May Never Get Over Athens (AP) AP - Larry Brown didn't have much time to enjoy his first NBA title. After coaching the Detroit Pistons to a surprising victory over the Los Angeles Lakers, Brown focused all his energy on getting the U.S. basketball team ready for the Olympics. Much to his dismay, the Americans came home with just a bronze medal.
Viacom Offers a Premium To Push Blockbuster Shares NEW YORK, Sept. 8 -- Viacom Inc., the media company that owns CBS and MTV, offered investors a financial incentive to buy shares of the Blockbuster Inc.
450 Colombian Paramilitaries Disarm Some 450 right-wing paramilitary fighters left Colombia's crowded battlefields, turning in their weapons and asking society to let them back into its fold.
HP may expand Puerto Rican research Hewlett-Packard is considering an expansion of its research operations in Puerto Rico for pharmaceutical work and other tasks.
Hurricane Ivan Rolls Towards Cuba GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands Sept. 13, 2004 - A strengthened Hurricane Ivan headed toward the tip of western Cuba with 160 mph winds Monday after pummeling the Cayman Islands with flooding that swamped homes and fierce winds that ripped off roofs.
Ghana's President Wins Four More Years in Office (Reuters) Reuters - Ghana's President John Kufuor won a\second and final four-year mandate in the world's number two\cocoa grower on Thursday after taking more than half the votes\in the first round of a presidential poll.
Wal-Mart Launches Windows Media Song Downloads Wal-Mart Stores Inc. launched an online music store that works with Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows Media Player, the world #39;s largest retailer said on Thursday.
Apache Software Foundation may hire full-time, paid staff The Apache Software Foundation, which now relies on volunteers to stay in operation, may soon have full-time, paid employees, including an executive director.
Microsoft, Sendo Settle Litigation Microsoft Corp. and Sendo Holdings PLC said Monday they have settled litigation between them, and that Microsoft has surrendered its shareholding in the British mobile telephone company.
Ford and G.M. Sales Slide Despite Generous Rebates Despite a crop of new car models and a still-generous supply of rebates, sales fell for the Ford Motor Company and General Motors in November.
Internet auction house eBay launches Philippine operations (AFP) AFP - Online auction site eBay said it has launched its operations in the Philippines.
Yahoo Japan Q2 profit rises 46.2 TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Yahoo Japan said Wednesday its second-quarter net profit rose 46.2 percent from a year earlier, helped by advertising sales and growth of its online auction services.
15 killed as trains collide in India The crash happened along a rural stretch of track between the cities of Pathankot and Jalandhar, in India #39;s northern Punjab province, about 180 miles north-west of New Delhi.
Update 3: Holiday Outlook Brightens for Retailers The outlook for the holiday season brightened Thursday as many of the nation #39;s retailers reported an improvement in sales in October.
Philly Considers Wireless Internet for All For about \$10 million, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world's largest wireless Internet hot spot.
Souness Salutes  #39;World-Class #39; Kluivert Newcastle boss Graeme Souness has tipped Patrick Kluivert to re-establish himself as one of Europes top strikers after watching him help to dismantle Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin.
HP Embraces Open Source as Well as Linux (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - HP's worldwide director of Linux marketing sees HP embracing open-source software and exploring the Linux desktop.
Musharraf: 100 Al-Qaida Members Killed in Clashes Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf says about 100 al-Qaida members have been killed in military operations near the Afghan border.
Johnson #39;s crash calls attention to flaw in the Chase system RICHMOND, Va.  NASCAR hasn #39;t even unveiled its Chase for the Championship and already there #39;s a problem. When it came up with the idea of a 10-race playoff, NASCAR correctly realized there would
Enter your e-mail: Humax has announced that it is now shipping its DRT800 Tivo hardware. Humax reps here at the Digital Life trade show claim the DRT800 is the first sub-\$500 three-in-one Tivo device to include a DVD recorder
Turkey #39;s EU Bid Back on Course After Damaging Row Turkey #39;s bid to join the European Union was back on course Thursday after Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan backed down in a row with the bloc over attempts to ban adultery in his Muslim nation.
Joswiak: "True to What an iMac Has Always Been About" (MacCentral) MacCentral - After Apple unveiled the iMac G5 in Paris this week, Vice President of Hardware Product Marketing Greg Joswiak gave Macworld editors a guided tour of the desktop's new design. Among the topics of conversation: the iMac's cooling system, why pre-installed Bluetooth functionality and FireWire 800 were left out, and how this new model fits in with Apple's objectives.
AOL Aims to Lead Internet Travel Purchases Aiming to put itself in the vanguard of the Internet travel business, America Online will invest an undisclosed amount in an upstart that threatens to lure customers away from the industry's most dominant players, such as Orbitz, Expedia and Travelocity.
Iran and Europe trying to save Iranian nuclear fuel suspension &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA (AFP) - Iran and Europe continued efforts to see whether Tehran could unconditionally respect a commitment to freeze any nuclear fuel cycle work that could be diverted to produce atomic weapons.
Accused Air India bomber is a victim of lies: defense lawyers (AFP) AFP - A key prosecution witness is lying when he implicated one of the Sikh men charged with the mid-air bombing of an Air India plane that killed 329 people in 1985, the defense team argued in the closing arguments of the case.
Women's Hoops Cruises America's Katie Smith reinjures her right knee early in a dominating 100-62 women's basketball victory over China on Sunday.
LPGA: Park Feels at Home in the Desert (AP) AP - Although the Southern California desert is a long way  #151; and drastically different  #151; from her native South Korea, Grace Park feels at home among the sand and the cacti.
ISPs again go after spammers For the second time this year, an alliance of major Internet providers - including Atlanta-based EarthLink -iled a coordinated group of lawsuits aimed at stemming the flood of online junk mail.
Foreign investors eye poorer nations Foreign investment declined in 2003 for the third year in a row, a United Nations report has revealed. Last year, total inward flows of foreign direct investment were worth \$560bn (312bn
Wal-Mart Will Allow Unions in China  BEIJING (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's  biggest retailer, gave ground to Chinese pressure Tuesday and  said it would allow its workers to set up a trade union.
Noranda defends China sale TORONTO and OTTAWA - Senior executives from Noranda Inc. are adamantly defending controversial talks to sell the company to China #39;s communist government, despite suggestions from MPs that Parliament may block the proposed sale.
Al-Qaeda sanctions  #39;ineffective #39; UNITED NATIONS (BBC) -- A UN committee has found that sanctions imposed against al-Qaeda and the former Taleban have had little impact on the groups #39; operations.
London Ex-Policeman Sentenced for Spying A judge sentenced a former London police officer to 2 1/2 years in prison Monday for spying on Saudi dissidents and others in Britain in exchange for \$25,000 from a diplomat representing Saudi Arabia.
Season over for Seattle #39;s Jacobsen Seattle, WA (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners announced prior to Wednesday #39;s game against Cleveland that first baseman/designated hitter Bucky Jacobsen will undergo surgery next week, ending the rookie #39;s 2004 campaign.
Texas Talks a Better Game Than Cal Plays The big question is how fourth-ranked Cal won at Southern Mississippi but lost its Rose Bowl spot to Texas, which did not play Saturday.
Australia four back as Ireland, Austria grab World Golf lead Australia is four shots from the lead after the opening fourballs round of the World Cup golf event in Spain, with Stephen Leaney and Nick O #39;Hern tied for sixth on 8-under.
Buehrle tosses 4-hitter at KC KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Mark Buehrle trotted out to the mound in the ninth inning, eager to wrap up his fourth complete game -- a fitting last start of the season for Chicago #39;s most consistent pitcher.
WHO Urges ASEAN to Curb Tobacco Trade The World Health Organization is urging Southeast Asian nations to strengthen curbs on tobacco trade. Shigeru Omi, the WHO regional director for the Western Pacific, told a conference of the Association of
Talks Continue After China Hostage Deadline Passes  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Islamic militants holding two Chinese  engineers hostage in Pakistan threatened to kill one on Monday  unless security forces ended a siege of their hideout.
Bribery Considered, Halliburton Notes Suggest  An internal Halliburton Co. investigation has uncovered handwritten notes suggesting that former employees considered offering bribes to Nigerian officials a decade ago to secure work in a \$5 billion project to build a natural gas liquefaction plant.
Medical Examiner Finds No Injuries on Thanou-Source  ATHENS (Reuters) - A medical examiner has found that Greek  sprinter Katerina Thanou, who was in hospital with fellow  athlete Costas Kenteris, had no injuries, a judicial source  said on Tuesday.
Some GOP Gay Rights Backers Torn Over Bush (AP) AP - On the eve of the Republican convention, some GOP gay rights supporters frustrated by their party platform's hardline stance against same-sex unions say they are torn over whether to back President Bush in this fall's election.
Boeing Adds iPass to Wi-Fi Service iPass wireless-broadband users will be able to make Internet connections on the fly, thanks to a new agreement between iPass and Boeing #39;s Connexion in-flight Internet service.
SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS BOOSTED If your on Social Security, expect fatter checks next year as benefits rise nearly \$25 a month. The government today reports more than 47 million Americans will start seeing the increase in their January checks, but some say that money wont go far.
Ex-presidents to help with WTC memorial NEW YORK -- The four living former presidents will be honorary leaders of the World Trade Center memorial project, Gov. George Pataki announced Monday.
GE pledges to meet rules of disclosure in SEC pact General Electric Co. yesterday agreed to a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which accused the company of failing to provide shareholders with enough information about the retirement perks provided to former chief executive Jack Welch.
Peru Striker Pizarro Gives Bayern Victory Over Leader Wolfsburg Peru striker Claudio Pizarro scored twice in the first half as Bayern Munich beat Bundesliga leader Wolfsburg 2-0 yesterday to move within a point.
Russia hostage takers surrounded A siege at a south Russian school goes into the night, with a group holding at least 200, many of them children.
FOOTBALL: THE BEST ON EARTH KEVIN KEEGAN has challenged his resurgent Manchester City side to end Arsenal #39;s unbeaten run today and claim the prized scalp of  quot;the best team in the world quot;.
Singh has a few more goals Vijay Singh #39;s next milestone on his record rise atop the PGA Tour #39;s money list should be as easy to reach as loose change under the sofa cushions.
Army reservist in Iraq pleads guilty in prisoner abuse court &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US Army reservist Staff Sgt. Ivan  #39; #39;Chip #39; #39; Frederick pleaded guilty Wednesday to five charges of abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison as a two-day court-martial opened at a US base in Baghdad.
Shaq, McGrady pace NBA best-seller list (AFP) AFP - Shaquille O'Neal's new Miami Heat uniform is the most popular selling replica jersey among all National Basketball Association players, the league announced.
UPDATE 1-SEC steps up probe of Krispy Kreme US securities regulators have ratcheted up their probe of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , looking at how it repurchased some of its doughnut franchises, the company said on Friday.
Next hit: double-digit insurance hikes As owner of a beachfront home in Hernando County, Cheryl Labbe has gotten used to rising rates for her homeowners #39; insurance. During Florida #39;s four-hurricane barrage, letters
Drop in Consumer Confidence Unexpectedly Steep in August onsumers #39; renewed worries about job prospects led to a bigger-than-expected drop in confidence in August and provided more evidence of the fragility of the economic expansion.
Grant steps up for Lakers in Vegas LAS VEGAS (Ticker) -- Brian Grant had his first big game for the Los Angeles Lakers, helping hand Phoenix Suns their first preseason loss.
Namibians cast their ballots Namibian voters are casting their ballots in the nation #39;s presidential and parliamentary elections. In Windhoek, people started arriving at the polling stations as early as 5am today.
US Airways Gives Pilots, Flight Attendants New Offer (Update2) US Airways Group Inc., struggling to avoid a second bankruptcy since 2002, gave its pilots #39; union a new plan for \$295 million in pay and benefit cuts three days after the group rejected a prior offer.
Sanctions suspended, not lifted Tucked into that \$136 billion in corporate tax breaks President Bush just signed was the point of the bill: Lifting a \$5 billion annual export subsidy the World Trade Organization had ruled illegal.
Bush thanks Musharraf for anti-extremist offensive (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush thanked Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf for pursuing a military offensive in a remote area where Osama bin Laden may be hiding, senior US officials said.
Music industry asks Napster founder, former arch foe, for help LOS ANGELES: The recording industry has turned to its former arch-nemesis, the founder of online music file-swapping service Napster, to help it beat the piracy that it once accused him of spawning.
Cuba seeks US food trade HAVANA -- Just days before the US presidential election, which could alter US-Cuba relations, communist officials were designing deals to buy \$150 million more in US farm products at a trade fair opening today.
Williams vs Klitschko: When A Comet Crashes Into A Tower 09.12.04 - By Janne Romppainen: Unlike many perhaps expected beforehand, in the year 2004 the heavyweight division has given the fans plenty of interesting fights.
Eagles FB Jon Ritchie Out for Season (AP) AP - Philadelphia Eagles fullback Jon Ritchie will miss the rest of the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee in Sunday's 30-13 victory over the Detroit Lions.
Wal-Mart does the notebook price limbo The retailer trots out a portable PC for less than \$600. Is it getting ready for a laptop push for the holidays?
Apple Introduces New iMac (Article Central) At the Apple Expo in Paris this week, Apple Computer Inc. introduced the new iMac, the latest version of the popular consumer desktop computer.
BA workers approve holiday strike British Airways workers plan to strike for 24 hours during the August Bank Holiday weekend unless a pay row is settled, the GMB union said.
Victim swam in shark feeding frenzy A MAN killed by a shark on the Great Barrier Reef was spearfishing amid a shark feeding frenzy, a crew sent to rescue him said today.
Abramovich faces rich list challenge Lakshmi Mittal, the Indian-born steel magnate, yesterday staked a claim to overtake Roman Abramovich as Britain #39;s richest man with a 10bn deal to create the world #39;s largest steelmaker.
Supreme Court decision sought over file sharing In the latest volley of the file-sharing wars, the movie and music industries have filed a petition asking the US Supreme Court to overturn a federal appeals court decision that favored Grokster and StreamCast Networks, the makers of software that allow
The burden of compliance For 18 months, Office Depot executives have delved into the minutiae of the retailer #39;s financial controls, scrutinizing how it accounts for the goods it buys and testing to see, for example, that daily sales match daily deposits.
Top-10 Williams sisters controversies After several missed calls by the line judge and chair umpire in Tuesday #39;s Jennifer Capriati-Serena Williams match that went against Williams, ESPN Research has compiled the top-10 controversies involving Serena and Venus Williams.
Industrial confrontation at GM Europe escalates RUESSELSHEIM - General Motors faced massive demonstrations at its sites around Europe on Tuesday with worker representatives reporting a turnout of some 50,000 to protest against the company #39;s massive job reduction plans.
Forces target tense Fallujah Hundreds of insurgents arrive from other cities amid airstrikes by the US, which sees the city as a terrorist haven. By wire services.
OK, here's the 411 So long, Eryca. Here comes Darby. New Englanders who call Verizon Communications Inc.'s 411 directory assistance will start to hear a different voice over the next week, as the phone giant upgrades to a system that will handle more calls with automatic speech-recognition software instead using a human operator.
quot;Mega-drought quot; risk studied Researchers examining ancient tree-ring records have linked prolonged periods of epic drought in the West with warmer temperatures, suggesting that global warming could promote long-term drought in the interior West.
Hughes named manager LONDON: Blackburn Rovers appointed Wales national coach Mark Hughes as their new manager last night, the Premiership club said.  quot;Blackburn announce tonight that Mark Hughes has been appointed manager with immediate effect, quot; Blackburn said in a statement.
Hitachi Drives Consumer Storage Hitachi Global Storage Technologies is launching a new line of 1.8-inch Travelstar C4K60 hard drives. The new drives will feature high-density 30GB platters and ZIF (zero insertion force) connectors for use
Hurricane Ivan Churns Toward Barbados (AP) AP - A rapidly strengthening Hurricane Ivan churned closer to the Caribbean, packing sustained winds of 135 mph with meteorologists saying it's possible that the system could reach Category 5 status.
AT T boosts 2004 job cuts to 20 percent AT T Corp. will cut more than 20 percent of its workforce this year, ratcheting up its planned layoffs from a previously estimated target of 8 percent, the long-distance telecommunications carrier announced Thursday.
Prince Sihamoni named new king of Cambodia Cambodia #39;s Throne Council choseThursday Prince Norodom Sihamoni a new king of Cambodia, a week after his father Norodom Sihanouk abdicated.
Iliadis Takes Greece #39;s Second Gold with Judo Win ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek teenager Ilias Iliadis swept up the Olympic host country #39;s second gold medal on Tuesday, winning the men #39;s judo under 81kg category.
Champions League snapshots MONACO have lost only one of their last 26 European home games while Olympiakos have never beaten a French side in 12 years. DYNAMO have never lost in the Champions League in Spain, where they have drawn twice with Real and also defeated Barcelona 4-0.
NASCAR Shortens Weekend for Race Teams (AP) AP - NASCAR will use a shortened weekend schedule for the Nextel Cup series at most of its events next season in an effort to save money for teams.
Stores open doors to sales, surge Retailers opened their doors before the sun rose yesterday, the official start of the holiday shopping season, tempting early risers with specials on a variety of items including flat-screen TVs and toys.
Israel accelerates settlement drive as Sharon pushes on with Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM : The Israeli government was accelerating its settlement program with plans to build hundreds of new homes in the West Bank, bolstered by a US softening of opposition to new construction projects.
Consumer Confidence Dips in September NEW YORK Sept. 28, 2004 - Consumer confidence declined in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
LBs are built from ground up For Bill Belichick, it isn't a preference. In his mind, turning NCAA defensive ends into NFL linebackers is practically a necessity.
US IT spending to grow 7 in 2005 US spending on information technology goods, services, and staff will grow seven percent in 2005 and continue at a similar pace through 2008, according to a study released Monday by Forrester Research.
Incident mars marathon as far as ugly incidents -t a 2004 Olympics that had opened with such anxiety. Until Sunday night. A defrocked Irish
Martha Stewart Accuses US of Hiding Key Memos A day before Martha Stewart was to start serving a prison sentence, the lifestyle trendsetter on Thursday accused prosecutors of withholding evidence she hopes will help
China celebrates Deng centenary China is celebrating the 100th anniversary of the birth of Deng Xiaoping, its late supreme leader. For most Chinese the diminutive figure was the man who set the country on a pragmatic reformist
Troops start new offensive near Baghdad About 5,000 US Marines, British troops and Iraqi forces began an offensive yesterday aimed at clearing insurgents from a cluster of dusty, small towns south of Baghdad.
Ryanair Could Profit with High Oil - CEO (Reuters) Reuters - Europe's biggest no-frills\airline, Ireland's Ryanair Holdings Plc , will turn a\profit even if oil prices hit  #36;75 a barrel, Chief Executive\Michael O'Leary was quoted saying on Sunday.
North Korea's No. 2 Leader Visits China  BEIJING (Reuters) - North Korea's second-most senior leader  toured a shiny new science park in Beijing Monday, a first stop  on visit aimed at finding ways to help the North's moribund  economy as much as jump-starting stalled nuclear talks.
Sorenstam Leads ADT Championship by One (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam has nothing left to prove this year. She has won seven times, claimed another major and went over the  #36;2 million mark for the fourth consecutive season. But that doesn't mean she came to the ADT Championship to relax.
Intel will exceed previous Q4 revenue expectations SAN FRANCISCO - Intel is planning for a happy holiday season this month, as it expects to exceed its previous revenue guidance and has made progress in reducing its inventory, the company said Thursday.
Europe Rejects Iran's Demand to Use Uranium Equipment Iran is demanding the right to operate uranium enrichment equipment, despite its agreement with the Europeans.
Transactions BASEBALL Florida (NL): Released Ps Billy Koch and Aaron Small and C Ramon Castro; added INFs Joe Dillon and Derek Wathan to roster.
Kos Sinks, Generic Drug Blamed  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Kos Pharmaceuticals Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KOSP.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KOSP.O&lt;/A&gt; slumped 8 percent on Thursday after an analyst  suggested Barr Pharmaceuticals Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BRL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BRL.N&lt;/A&gt; could launch a  copycat version of a key Kos drug earlier than expected.
Many Delta Pilots Plan to Retire Next Month he pilots #39; union at Delta Air Lines said last night that an  quot;unusually high quot; number of pilots planned to retire early in October because of concerns about the airline #39;s deteriorating financial situation.
Caribbean Colour Celebrates Carnival #39;s 4Oth Birthday More than 750,000 people marked the 40th birthday of the Notting Hill Carnival with a burst of Caribbean colour and the infectious calypso beat.
Federal judge stays ruling in UPS case SAN FRANCISCO -- A federal judge on Monday stayed his own ruling that UPS must give deaf and hearing impaired workers the same opportunity as others to become truck drivers, allowing the company to appeal.
Northwestern football coach hospitalized Evanston, IL (Sports Network) - Northwestern head football coach Randy Walker was hospitalized with an undisclosed illness before a Monday press conference.
EU Leaders Poised to Offer Entry Talks to Turkey (Reuters) Reuters - EU leaders were poised on Thursday to\set a date to start accession talks with Turkey, as Turkish\Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan arrived in Brussels in an\optimistic mood for a spate of last-minute diplomacy.
Look who #39;s talking In promoting the disengagement plan, that confrontational man, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, has already caused great suffering, anger and destruction - just look at the tremendous commotion already happening.
Singh hangs on for another win Farmington, PA (Sports Network) - Vijay Singh carded a three-under 69 on Sunday to hang on for the title at the 84 Lumber Classic.
3 countries will appeal in eventing ATHENS France, Britain and the United States issued a joint challenge Thursday to Germany #39;s gold medal in equestrian team three-day eventing.
Nedved strike keeps Juve four points clear Pavel Nedved scored with a superb free-kick four minutes from time to give Juventus a precious 1-0 Italian Serie A win at Bologna on Sunday.
Tenet Healthcare #39;s Loss Narrows in 3Q NEW YORK - Tenet Healthcare Corp. said Tuesday its loss narrowed in the third quarter, as the operator of acute-care hospitals significantly reduced its loss from continuing operations.
Limited Quarterly Earnings Climb  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clothing retailer Limited Brands Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LTD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LTD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted sharply higher quarterly earnings on  gains from the sale of its stake in Galyans Trading Co. and  strong customer response to sales events early in the quarter.
Google reduces IPO price range; SEC approval awaited NEW YORK, August 18 (New Ratings)  Google Inc has reportedly reduced its expected IPO price range to \$85-\$95 per share, from the previously expected price range of \$108-\$135 per share. The company is unlikely to price its shares until the market closes ...
Bush, Kerry Court Voters in New Mexico SANTA FE, N.M. - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling...
Doing the balancing act The Australians are currently weighing up their choice in the Federal election, and the country #39;s top-order batsmen also looked confused as they decided between two party #39;s policies.
Would a Settlement Boost Wal-Mart's PR? The company says it is discussing a settlement with the Justice Department.
Check 21 law to process checks faster Every night, millions of cashed checks fly around the country, headed for their home bank. Starting Thursday, technology will begin grounding many of those flights.
Sun releases Solaris-based desktop software com October 13, 2004, 5:06 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
PeopleSoft #39;s Prospects Top Agenda at Show SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - At PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s Connect 2004 conference in San Francisco this week, the software vendor is expected to face questions from users about its ability to fend off Oracle Corp.
Satellite System Puts Doctors in Ambulance (AP) AP - For paramedics in rural areas, responding to frantic calls for help is at times akin to doing a high-wire act without a net. Mountains, valleys, bad weather and long distances between hospitals make communication with emergency room physicians spotty at best and nonexistent at worst.
Enter your e-mail: Archos has turned up the heat in the portable entertainment arena by announcing the 20GB Gmini400, a \$400 digital audio player with a 2.2-inch color LCD screen for watching videos and viewing photographs.
A boost to his base President George W. Bush #39;s nomination of Cuban-born Carlos M. Gutierrez for Commerce secretary fits neatly into a long-term strategy of boosting Republican prospects for national
Microsoft acquires antispyware vendor Giant DECEMBER 16, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. has acquired antispyware vendor Giant Company Software Inc. in New York for an undisclosed amount.
NL Wrap: Weathers Wins First Start in Six Years for Marlins David Weathers pitched five strong innings in his first start for six years, leading the Florida Marlins to a 5-2 win over the Chicago Cubs and a split of their National League doubleheader in Miami Monday.
Angels doing devil of a job ANAHEIM, California -- The Anaheim Angels are keeping it close in the AL West. Garret Anderson hit a tie-breaking double in the eighth inning, Darin Erstad had a three-run homer and the Angels beat Oakland
Authorities shut down U.K.-based news Web sites U.S. authorities working in an international investigation have shut down 20 independent news Web sites run by the Independent Media Center by seizing two U.K.-based Web servers, the group said.
Sharapova has power and movement to eclipse Pierce Maria Sharapova is in uncharted waters here, having reached the third round at Flushing Meadows for the first time. But I #39;m confident she can sink Mary Pierce this weekend and sail on into the second week of play.
Cali Drug Kingpin Faces U.S. Court in Chains &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Michael Christie&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MIAMI (Reuters) - The most powerful drug lord everextradited by Colombia appeared before a U.S. judge on Monday,and his lawyer said he would fight U.S. charges that he ran hismultibillion-dollar business from a Colombian jail cell.&lt;/p&gt;
First school expulsions linked to new law banning religious signs PARIS Two Muslim girls who refuse to remove their head scarves in school are being expelled for violating a law banning religious symbols from schools.
U.S. Wins Third Gold BULLETIN&lt;br&gt;BC-OLY--Women's Final BKW,0040&lt;br&gt;BULLETIN&lt;br&gt;    ATHENS, Greece (AP)  --  The United States won the gold medal Saturday in women's basketball, beating Australia 74-63.
KPMG witness takes stand in Kazaa trial It is possible to trace users sharing unlicensed music files through their IP address, the Federal Court was told today by the major music labels #39; first witness in their civil case against peer-to-peer software provider Sharman Networks.
Tackle signs six-year extension, team makes other moves Left tackle Matt Light signed a six-year contract extension with the Patriots that will keep him in New England through 2010, giving him and the quarterback he protects long-term security.
Sun, Kodak Look to Future Following Patent Suit Settlement In lieu of facing a court judgment of possibly more than US\$1 billion, Sun Microsystems has agreed to pay \$92 million to settle a long-running patent infringement case with Eastman Kodak.
Security Council agrees on Sudan resolution as foes pledge imminent deal (AFP) AFP - UN ambassadors agreed here unanimously on the text of a resolution aimed at restoring peace to war-ravaged Sudan, as the country's main foes promised to conclude talks on their 21-year-old conflict by the end of the year.
Police patrols at St. Cloud airport to end after funds cut St. Cloud Regional Airport no longer will have regular police presence during its departures and arrivals, airport and police officials said.
India next in line for cut-down XP Microsoft has named India as the next market for its stripped-down version of XP, with shipping expected to begin early next year.
American Express weighs lawsuit vs Visa, MasterCard SAN FRANCISCO (AFX) -- American Express said Monday that in light of the Supreme Court #39;s decision against Visa and MasterCard, it will seek partnerships with US banks.
Disney quarterly profit up 24, beating expectations LOS ANGELES - Walt Disney (DIS) quarterly profit rose 24 as cable TV results and a tax benefit more than offset a drought at its movie studio.
al-Qaida Tip Boosts Security in Honduras (AP) AP - Honduras tightened security at foreign embassies and declared a national terror alert after receiving information that al-Qaida was trying to recruit Hondurans to attack embassies of the United States, Britain, Spain and El Salvador, a government official said Sunday.
After Admitting Flaw, Kryptonite Faces Lawsuits Lock maker Kryptonite and parent Ingersoll-Rand face at least five proposed class-action lawsuits in the United States and Canada after admitting this week that popular
Ethan Allen Posts Little-Changed Earnings Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a furniture maker and retailer, on Tuesday said quarterly earnings were little changed on lackluster consumer confidence
4 killed, 22 injured in Kashmir attack A suicide car bomber rammed into an army convoy in Indian-controlled Kashmir on Saturday, triggering an explosion that left four people dead and 22 wounded, the army said.
F1 #39;s plans for London race gather pace Bernie Ecclestone remains in the grip of Christmas spirit. A day after the gift of the British Grand Prix, given a July 10 date at yesterday #39;s FIA world council meeting, Formula One #39;s commercial
'Prime Time' Wants Third Super Bowl Ring (AP) AP - Deion Sanders insists he didn't come out of retirement for money, accolades or to prove he's still got a wealth of talent at age 37.
Italy deports island immigrants Italy begins deporting immigrants directly from the island of Lampedusa, the first port of call for boats from North Africa.
Google Plans Desktop Search Tool for Apple PCs Google Inc. GOOG.O plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers running on the Mac operating system from Apple Computer Inc.
Bayer refit leads to US sales pact Bayer forged an alliance for its struggling pharmaceuticals business with American drug manufacturer Schering-Plough yesterday, cutting costs and marking another step in the German company #39;s transformation.
EMI to Face Spitzer Music Industry Probe  LONDON (Reuters) - EMI Group PLC, the world's third-largest  music company, confirmed on Friday it faced a New York probe  into how music companies influence what songs are played on the  radio.
Gamer buys \$26,500 virtual land A gamer spends \$26,500 on a virtual island that exists only in a PC role-playing game.
Ivory Coast Army Chief Sacked as Foreigners Flee  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - An exodus of foreigners from Ivory  Coast continued Saturday as President Laurent Gbagbo sacked the  head of the army, hours before West African leaders were due to  meet for emergency talks on the crisis.
Iraq blast death toll rises to 18 At least 18 people were killed in a suicide bombing on Saturday, capping a week of horrific violence in Iraq as al-Qaeda-linked militants threatened to kill two American and a British hostage in 48 hours.
Athletics Edge Orioles 4-3 OAKLAND, Calif. - Jermaine Dye hit a tying two-run single in the sixth and Adam Melhuse followed with a go-ahead single, leading the Oakland Athletics over former teammate Miguel Tejada and the Baltimore Orioles 4-3 on Monday night...
Dutch Say Dealer Sold Chemicals to Hussein Prosecutors said Tuesday that they would charge a Dutch chemicals dealer as an accomplice to genocide for supplying Saddam Hussein with lethal chemicals used in
Legendary NHL coach Reay passes away Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - William T.  quot;Billy quot; Reay, the winningest coach in the history of the Chicago Blackhawks, passed away on Thursday afternoon in Madison, Wisconsin.
Scientists left to pick up the pieces over the \$250m can that fell &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Stunned British and American scientists watched a seven-year dream fall to Earth yesterday at 150mph, potentially smashing the fruits of a \$250m mission.
Applied Materials Returns to Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Applied Materials Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMAT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMAT.O&lt;/A&gt;,  the largest maker of chip-making tools, on Tuesday said healthy  spending on new semiconductor factories more than doubled  revenue and returned it to a quarterly profit.
Armstrong Ponders Tour Six-time Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong will decide in May whether he will return to defend his title in 2005.
Do You Need Disability Insurance? There's a good chance you'll become disabled for a while. Are you protected?
Federer faces Hewitt in Masters Cup final Swiss world number one Roger Federer will face Australian Lleyton Hewitt in Sunday #39;s final at Masters Cup after an epic tiebreak 20-18 to seal a 6-3, 7-6 semi-final victory
Satellite pinpoints lost children A new satellite tracking device, which could cost less than 100, aims to reunite parents with their lost children.
Spam enforcers urged to work together Johannesburg, 12 October 2004 - International consumer law enforcers from 29 countries were yesterday urged to work together to combat the growing threat of spam.
Can Jamdat Survive the Hype? Earnings from hot new issue Jamdat Mobile don't live up to analysts' expectations.
Hamas leader calls for fair mediation SHTOURA, Lebanon -- A senior Hamas official expressed hope yesterday that the United States and the European Union would be fairer in mediating the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, but he said his group would continue its resistance even if a Palestinian state is established.
Fujitsu joining Cisco Systems this time. Fujitsu and Cisco Systems, both high end hardware manufacturers are joining forces. Earlier, Fujitsu bundled their strengths with popular phone company Siemens.
Space Science Pioneer Van Allen Questions Human Spaceflight (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A leading space scientist has called to question the validity of human spaceflight, suggesting that sending astronauts outward from Earth is outdated, too costly, and the science returned is trivial.
Test reluctance could block virtualisation The need to test packaged applications on virtualised systems could hold up the deployment of server virtualisation software, according to attendees at Gartner #39;s datacentre conference in Las Vegas this week.
Asbestos scandal bosses still get golden handshake Sydney - The head of James Hardie Industries has resigned with a payout of \$6.5 million (R40.8 million) in the aftermath of a scandal over the building products group #39;s efforts to dodge its liabilities to asbestos victims.
Jordan prime suspect over Hamas hit list Palestinian resistance group Hamas has said an Arab country might have helped Israel assassinate one of its members in Damascus . Although Hamas spokesman Usama Hamdan, who called
Ferrari on top in practice for Brazilian GP Rubens Barrichello took advantage of a warm afternoon track in his native city to record the fastest time in practice Friday for the Brazilian Grand Prix, edging out Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher as the pair set the pace for
IBM Offers Disk-Storage Servers IBM is aiming to take a larger share of the \$60 billion data-storage market with the introduction of two new disk-storage servers.
Irish Look to Top Michigan State on Sat. (AP) AP - It'll take more than last week's victory over a highly ranked opponent to restore Notre Dame's lost luster. That makes Saturday's game at Michigan State a big one for the Fighting Irish.
Technology NEW HAVEN, Conn. -- Slower growth and reduced profits will likely squeeze three of the nation #39;s top 10 personal computer manufacturers out of the market by 2007, a research firm predicted Monday.
Charges Have Been Filed In NBA Brawl It #39;s official, the notorious brawl last month between the Indiana Pacers, Detroit Pistons and some fans has resulted in criminal charges.
Lone Star Stays Strong The steakhouse operator posts a 23 rise in net income, despite high beef costs.
Opec begs US help to calm oil market Opec, the oil producers #39; cartel, has taken the surprise step of urging the US to release stocks held in emergency reserves to calm the frantic crude market.
James Leads Cleveland to Top of Eastern Conference Cavaliers 103 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CLEVELAND -- LeBron James scored 27 points and assisted on Lucious Harris #39; clinching three-pointer with 6 seconds left as the first-place Cleveland Cavaliers won their eighth straight at home, 103-97 over the New Jersey Nets on Tuesday night.
Ballmer: Windows TCO the way to go In the face of growing competition from Linux, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer delivered a four-page memo to customers on Wednesday outlining the economic and security advantages Windows has over Linux, the potential dangers of open source involving indemnification, and the intent to aggressively convince Unix shops to migrate to Windows.
Ex-general Indonesia #39;s new leader Former Indonesian general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has become Indonesia first directly elected president in a landslide victory. Yudhoyono, who promised to inject fresh life into
Judge turns down AMD request for Intel documents AMD HAS failed in its most recent attempt to force Intel to disclose documents relating to an antitrust investigation to European Commission investigators.
Bush hands firms \$140bn in tax breaks US president George W Bush had repealed an internationally disputed export tax subsidy but lavished \$140 billion (R868 billion) in new tax breaks on corporations.
Iraq Declares State of Emergency as Insurgents Step Up Attacks Faced with a surge in deadly guerrilla attacks, Prime Minister Ayad Allawi declared martial law across most of the country today as American and Iraqi troops made final
World #39;s oldest man dies at age 113 Fred Hale Sr., believed to have been the oldest man on Earth, has died less than a month before his 114th birthday at a DeWitt, NY, nursing home.
Spitzer mentor takes over at Marsh A FORMER mentor to Eliot Spitzer replaced Jeffrey Greenberg as chief executive of Marsh  amp; McLennan last night, as the embattled insurance group made its first move towards settling a lawsuit with the New York Attorney-General.
Ecuador rocks but China ousted from World Cup contention NEW YORK - Defending World Cup champion Brazil suffered the most shocking result of the day, but China was the biggest loser. The Brazilians lost to Ecuador for the just the second time in their history.
Voeller dumps troubled AS Roma ROME: Rudi Voller (pic) quit as coach of Roma after just four league matches following their 3-1 defeat away to Bologna on Saturday.
US #39;s Syria embassy temporarily closed The United States embassy in Damascus, Syria, says it has temporarily closed its doors to the public to re-evaluate its security but would not say if it is the target of a specific threat.
SPAM vs spam To some Britons, especially those 50 and older, it #39;s a word forged from  #39;spiced #39; and  #39;ham #39; to represent,  quot;pink, chopped ham and pork rammed into square tins, quot; as the UK #39;s The Guardian story describes it.
JBoss ships J2EE app server Open-source software maker releases big update to Java-based application server program.
NTT DoCoMo, IBM, Intel team to secure mobile devices With an eye towards making mobile devices and the commerce services that run over them more secure, NTT DoCoMo Inc., Intel Corp. and IBM Corp. on Wednesday published a jointly developed security specification called the Trusted Mobile Platform.
Before-the-Bell: Biocryst Shares Higher (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Biocryst Pharmaceuticals\Inc. (BCRX.O) rose on Tuesday after the company received\"orphan drug" status for an anti-cancer compound.
Trend Micro releases Antivirus for Mobiles Skulls program proved that PDA and Mobile viruses are finally becoming a reality and it is no longer safe to just download anything from the Internet on your mobile handset.
UPDATE 1-Villa suffer Cup upset, Man United ease through Aston Villa lost 3-1 to second division Burnley in the League Cup third round on Tuesday as the top Premier League clubs made their first appearance in this season #39;s competition.
Windows XP SP2 update delayed BEIJING, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Microsoft Corp. has delayed automatic update of Windows XP Service Pack 2 to American company users until Aug. 25.
Leyland among Phils #39; candidates Jim Leyland, who led the Marlins to the World Series title in 1997, will interview for the Phillies managerial vacancy. Leyland, a scout for the Cardinals the past four seasons
Photo gallery: Microsoft revs its car Windows The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
EU reportedly to OK Oracle bid for PeopleSoft SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Oracle is close to gaining approval from European Union regulators regarding its proposed takeover of PeopleSoft, according to the Financial Times on Friday.
New Stanford center probes nanoscale material The National Science Foundation (NSF) has awarded \$7.5 million over five years to establish the Center for Probing the Nanoscale (CPN) at Stanford University.
Anwar may return by month #39;s end Malaysia #39;s former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim reportedly plans to return home on October 31 after nearly two months abroad, but will avoid any strenuous political activity throughout the Muslim fasting month that ends next month.
Analysts See More U.S. Newspaper Consolidation Ahead (Reuters) Reuters - A wave of consolidation in the U.S.\newspaper industry could be on the way as publishers grapple\with a maturing industry that faces stiff competition from\television and the Internet, publishing experts say.
Nebraska #39;s loss is a bowl-breaker Cedric Benson ran for 165 yards and a touchdown to lead the Longhorns over the Aggies in Austin, Texas. Vince Young added a touchdown run and 224 yards total for the Longhorns (10-1, 7-1 Big 12), who earned
Amnesty for rein on MNCs New Delhi, Nov. 29: Amnesty International, Greenpeace and other non-governmental organisations are working towards establishing a legal framework to make multinational corporations more accountable to peoples needs.
India makes elephants appeal Indian asks Bangladesh to spare the lives of around 100 elephants which have strayed across the border.
Gaining advantage: WR Givens steps up game The wide receivers have been the most significant contributors to the Patriots stats, news #39; inactive list this season. Every week quarterback Tom Brady news counts on one of
S.E.C. Says Fannie Mae Violated Accounting Rules The Securities and Exchange Commission has ordered Fannie Mae to restate its earnings for the last four years after concluding that it had violated accounting rules.
IAEA Supervises Iran #39;s Nuclear Suspension Iran says it has halted all work on potentially weapons-related parts of its nuclear program, honoring a deal with European powers.
Radcliffe #39;s resurgence to continue in Finland PAULA RADCLIFFE is almost certain to challenge for the 10,000 metres title next summer rather than contest the marathon at the bi-annual World Champion-ships in Finland.
Quebec accountant convicted of defrauding nuns gets house arrest (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - A 68-year-old accountant convicted of taking part in a scheme to defraud Roman Catholic nuns of  #36;100 million was sentenced Friday to two years' house arrest.
Harris' Double Leads Marlins Past Dodgers (AP) AP - Lenny Harris has come up with clutch hits throughout his record-breaking career as a pinch hitter. His three-run double off Eric Gagne was a bit more special than most. Harris pushed his major league record for pinch hits to 190 Wednesday night, lining a bases-clearing double into right-center with two outs in the ninth to rally the Florida Marlins past the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-4.
VMware releases virtualization tool for PCs SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - VMware Inc. released today a virtualization tool for PCs it says will cut hardware and maintenance costs for users such as independent contractors that support third parties on their networks.
US online gambling ban is unfair The US government #39;s ban on cross-border gambling is an unfair trade barrier against the island nation of Antigua, the World Trade Organization said.
Fiutak: Five Thoughts on the BCS Texas will be left out in the cold again, USC #39;s free ride and a break down of who should play in the Orange Bowl. It #39;ll take nothing short of a loss by California or Utah for Mack Brown and Texas to get into the BCS.
Pampling jumps to front QUEENSLANDER Rod Pampling made four birdies on the front nine to grab the outright lead in the second round of the Australian Open in Sydney.
Lazard cutbacks may precede IPO Report says investment bank plans job, pay cuts prior to a public offering valuing firm at \$3B. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bruce Wasserstein, head of investment bank Lazard, is planning a new round of job cuts and
Olympic Champion Henin Still Suffering from Virus  LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic champion Justine Henin-Hardenne  is still suffering from a mystery virus which has plagued her  for much of this year.
Portsmouth back Redknapp over agents #39; fees claim Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric said on Tuesday that Harry Redknapp, who resigned as manager last week, was innocent of any wrong-doing over agent or transfer fees.
US Sept consumer prices rise US consumer prices rose more in September than a month earlier, reflecting higher costs for services such as hotel stays and medical care, a government report showed.
Weather Makes Lawmakers Antsy The Senate Commerce Committee hears testimony on the connection between greenhouse gases and climate changes. Many legislators want to take action, but the best course remains unclear. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
OPEC to Cut Production After Six-Week Price Decline (Update7) OPEC, the producer of more than a third of the world #39;s oil, agreed to cut output by about 4 percent in a bid to prop up prices after the biggest drop in three years.
Kenyon slams  #39;weak #39; FA over Mutu ban Chelsea chief executive Peter Kenyon has criticised the seven-month ban handed out to Adrian Mutu, claiming the FA had shown themselves to be  #39;weak over the issue of drugs #39;.
Court approves Interstate Bakeries financing Bankrupt Interstate Bakeries Corp. (IBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , maker of Hostess Twinkies and Wonder Bread, received court approval on Thursday to incur new debt
Sun And Microsoft Aim For Single Sign-On Microsoft and Sun Microsystems last week issued a progress report on the technical truce the companies called this year but gave little indication of what specific fixes they would devise to address customers #39; problems.
The Curse of the Rivalry I dont know any Boston Red Sox diehards who werent rooting almost as fervently for the Minnesota Twins against the New York Yankees as they were for their own team against the Anaheim Angels.
Indonesian Police Detain Seven People on Terror Links  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police have detained seven  people linked to terrorism since last week's bombing outside  the Australian embassy in Jakarta that killed nine people and  wounded 182, officers said on Friday.
First Image of a Faraway Planet? A distant speck of light appears to be the first planet outside our solar system to be captured on film. While there is no definitive evidence that the speck is a planet, an international team of astronomers is arguing the case.
The Tyler Hamilton Affair On Monday evening, the UCI gave shocking news to Phonak team officials: Tyler Hamilton, the team captain, the Olympic time trial champion, and the winner of Stage 8 of the Vuelta a Espana
Microsoft Makes Nice with Mice Microsoft (Quote, Chart) unveiled nine consumer-oriented mice and keyboards, with geek-chic touches like Bluetooth connectivity and biometrics.
Intel Looks to Get Back on Track After its recent delays and missteps, chip maker sets its sights on a dual-core future.
Singh eclipses Tiger with record pile Farmington - Vijay Singh, who knocked Tiger Woods off the top of the world rankings this month for the first time in over five years, eclipsed Woods #39; earnings record for a single season when he won the 84 Lumber Classic here on Sunday.
Pakistan edge out India Yousuf Youhana steered Pakistan to a last-over victory over India to clinch a Champions Trophy semi-final against the West Indies on Wednesday.
Fannie Mae #39;s fall from grace A shocking expose hit the Street last week about one of the best-loved, most all-American companies out there: Fannie Mae, the mortgage and financial services giant.
HP: The Adaptive Enterprise that can't adapt &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; SAP hardly to blame
Update 12: Judge Won #39;t Block United Pension Plans A federal bankruptcy judge approved United Airlines #39; amended financing plan Friday, rejecting union arguments that United didn #39;t try hard enough to come up with an alternative that would continue company contributions to employee pension funds.
Earths May Not Be Far Behind The race to find distant new Earths heated up considerably yesterday with the detection of two of the smallest planets ever detected outside the Solar System.
UN Agency Welcomes Iran #39;s Suspension of Nuclear Program The 35 countries of the United Nations nuclear agency board, including the United States, passed a long-awaited resolution today welcoming Iran #39;s total freeze of a sensitive part of its nuclear program.
Blair Calls for EU Reaction Force for Africa Clashes (Update3) UK Prime Minister Tony Blair called for the European Union to develop the capability by next year to deploy troops to Africa within 10 days as part of plans to fight poverty, disease and war in the region.
HP to stop using Intel Itanium chip: WSJ New York, September 27: Printer and PC maker Hewlett-Packard Co will stop offering desktop workstations based on Intel Corp #39;s Itanium microprocessor, The Wall Street Journal reported on its online edition.
Tokyo Stocks Jump by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 1.33 percent  by midday on Friday, led higher by banks and insurers thanks to  a better-than-expected corporate sentiment survey by the Bank  of Japan.
More security hiccups for IE Researchers have found a trio of flaws in Internet Explorer--making almost 20 in total.
Siebel creates cheaper, SMB software version Siebel Systemshas quietly introduced a version of its CRM (customer relationship management) sales software tailored for midmarket companies.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
Cards reel  #39;em in When Saul Bellow wrote More Die Of Heartbreak, he wasn #39;t thinking of the Houston Astros and their fans. For the second consecutive game, the St.
Delta Pilots Vote to Accept 32.5 Percent Pay Cut Pilots at Delta Air Lines overwhelmingly approved a new five-year contract today with \$1 billion in annual concessions sought by the airline, which had threatened to file for bankruptcy if the pilots did not acquiesce.
Kerry Supporters Left to Deal With Blues (AP) AP - It's a long way from the Manhattan office of psychoanalyst Sherman Pheiffer to the Cambridge, Mass., practice of psychologist Jaine Darwin. But both are in blue states that voted heavily for John Kerry, and on the day he conceded, they heard plenty of distress about the election.
A Lot to Play for in Skins Game Finale Annika Sorenstam calmly sank a short birdie putt on the ninth hole, earning a hug from Tiger Woods. More importantly, it kept \$250,000 in play in the Skins Game in La Quinta, Calif.
Scientist Envisions Small-Scale Hydropower (AP) AP - A scientist says the United States could more than double its hydropower supply by harnessing the energy of smaller streams.
OPEC Seeks to Quell Doubts Over Oil Cut  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Saturday said they  had already moved to rein in excess supply, a day after doubts  over the group's resolve to cut sent prices into a tailspin.
Mitchell downplays Carter's request Vince Carter wants out of Toronto, but new Raptors coach Sam Mitchell doesn't think it will be an issue when training camp opens next week.  quot;I don't even think it's going to become a distraction, quot; Mitchell said. Carter has asked for a trade, but Mitchell hopes the All-Star guard will change his mind when he reports.  quot;Vince has had some ...
X Prize group plans new series of contests The group that awarded US\$10 million this week to the winner of an outer-space travel contest is gearing up to offer cash prizes for technology breakthroughs in medicine, computer science, transportation and a number of other arenas.
2 American soldiers killed in Afghan fire-fight KABUL, Afghanistan - Two US soldiers died Monday in a fire-fight with insurgents in a troubled southeastern Afghan province, the American military said.
Surge of Baghdad Violence Leaves 59 Dead (AP) AP - Insurgents hammered central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital, heralding a day of violence that killed nearly 60 people nationwide as security appeared to spiral out of control.
Alcatel Bolsters U.S. Presence  PARIS (Reuters) - Alcatel &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CGEP.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CGEP.PA&lt;/A&gt; has expanded its  foothold in the key North American market with the acquisition  of a mobile software provider and a conference technology  business for \$277 million.
Twins shrug off  #39;David vs. Goliath #39; NEW YORK -- The David and Goliath storyline is not holding up for Game 1 of this American League Division Series. True, when the Minnesota Twins play the New York Yankees it is a one-sided match from the standpoint
Learning 2nd Language Changes Brain Anatomy -Study (Reuters) Reuters - Being bilingual produces changes in the\anatomy of the brain, scientists said on Wednesday in finding\that could explain why children are so much better than adults\at mastering a second language.
US IT Spending to Grow 7 Next Year Consistent with the cyclical nature of IT spending, where periods of digestion and refinement follow periods of heavy technology investment, Forrester Research Inc.
Arbitrator Sets Hearing An arbitrator rules that he has jurisdiction to decide whether the brawl-related suspensions given to Ron Artest and other NBA players can be appealed to someone other than commissioner David Stern.
Oracle Makes  #39;Final #39; PeopleSoft Offer After much speculation that it would raise its bid yet again, Oracle Corp. Monday morning announced its latest offer for PeopleSoft Inc.
Iraq Won't Send New Delegation to Najaf Iraq's National Conference refused today to send a second delegation to negotiate an end to fighting between U.S. troops and loyalists of Shiite cleric Moktada al-Sadr.
Northwest Pilot Leaders Endorse Pay Cut MINNEAPOLIS - Leaders of the union for Northwest Airlines pilots voted unanimously Saturday to endorse a tentative agreement that will cut pilot compensation by \$265 million annually.    The Master Executive Council of the Northwest branch of the Air Line Pilots Association voted 10-0 to submit the two-year deal to union members for their ratification...
Ascension Health Awards Computer Sciences 10-Year IT Support &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Under the \$1.35 billion deal, CSC will provide help-desk, network, security, and telecommunications services at more than 80 Ascension facilities across the country.
Infosys, Wipro in pact with Microsoft Bangalore, Nov 15 (UNI) Indian IT majors Infosys Technologies and Wipro Ltd today announced separate agreements with Microsoft Corp, the world #39;s largest software maker, to deliver applications and solutions to their global customers based on Microsoft
Italian Tower Ready for Space Station (AP) AP - A watchtower built for the International Space Station was turned over to the European Space Agency on Monday, the Italian aerospace company Alenia said.
Apple iTunes locks out older versions Apple has activated previously-announced plans to close its Music Store to users of earlier versions of iTunes. The company revealed its intent last month, when iTunes users accessing the
Dutch Minister's World Revealed in 'Blog' (Reuters) Reuters - Dutch Finance Minister Gerrit Zalm\says his "blog" -- personal diary on the Internet -- gives\people an idea of what it is to be a minister, with insights\into his professional and private life.
Broken oxygen generator threatens space station A UK space scientist has warned that a broken oxygen generator could spell disaster for the International Space Station (ISS). The Elecktron unit, which converts waste water into hydrogen and oxygen gases, broke
Court dismisses bid to halt Pitcairn trials Auckland: The trials of seven Pitcairn men - including the local mayor - on sex charges, will go ahead on the remote Pacific island today after an eleventh-hour bid to stop the hearings failed.
Sudanese govt must approve additional AU force in Darfur: al &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ABUJA, Aug 29 (AFP) -- The Sudanese government said here Sunday that it must approve any increase in the number of African Union troops to crisis-ridden Darfur above the 300 soldiers agreed last month with the AU.
iPod, DVD Players Lead Aug. Electronics Prices Lower (Reuters) Reuters - Price declines for U.S. consumer\electronics accelerated in August, fueled by discounted price\cuts for the popular iPod digital music player and traditional\DVD players, according to an industry study prepared for\Reuters.
OPEC President Says Politics Pushing Oil Prices Higher The president of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, Purnomo Yusgiantoro, said global political uncertainties and concerns likely account for US\$10 to \$15 per barrel, or up to one third, of current world oil prices.
'Spam King' Ordered to Disable Spyware (AP) AP - A federal judge has ordered a man known as the "Spam King" to disable so-called spyware programs that infiltrate people's computers, track their Internet use and flood them with pop-up advertising.
Intel, Microsoft Run Digital Home Campaign Intel Corp. and Microsoft Corp., which together have dominated the personal computer industry since the early 1980s, are for the first time running a joint advertising campaign to push their notion of the digital home.
Spoiler Pittsburgh tops Astros The Houston Astros have gone cold in Pittsburgh. Rookie John Van Benschoten allowed five hits in eight innings for his first major league win, and the Pirates beat the Astros, 6-1, last night.
Yushchenko seeks confidence vote Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko pursues a vote in parliament, as the crisis in Ukraine continues.
Symantec Readies Patching Tool ON IPatch monitors, ensures networked Windows systems are current in midsize businesss.
Paul Martin continues to hope for survivors among 150 missing Canadians (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - It has been more than a week without word from the 150 Canadians listed as missing in Asia's tsunami disaster, but Prime Minister Paul Martin says he continues to hold out hope that some will be found alive.
Amid unrest, Iraq president says vote delay would aid  quot;forces of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD : Iraq #39;s interim President Ghazi al-Yawar, ahead of a meeting with US President George W. Bush, rejected any delay to January 30 polls, saying postponement would hand victory to the  quot;forces of darkness quot;.
Bremer Criticizes Lack of Troops in Iraq The U.S. official said Monday that the United States made two major mistakes: not deploying enough troops and then not containing the violence immediately after the ouster of Saddam Hussein.
US inflation falls for first time in 2004 US inflation fell by 0.1 per cent in July -- the first decline since late last year -- on a drop in gasoline prices, the US Department of Labour said yesterday in a report that suggests underlying price pressures in the world #39;s biggest ...
Stuttgart tops table as Bayern, Bremen lose VfB Stuttgart moved into top spot in the Bundesliga with a 2-0 victory over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday, while Bayern Munich suffered a shock 1-0 home defeat to Schalke.
Users struggle to cope with mounting backup dilemmas IT managers on hand for this week's Storage Decisions conference said they are working ever harder to consolidate storage-area networks, attain a single view of their infrastructure and increase the amount of online disk storage.
Australia edge England in Cook Cup thriller LONDON: Australia retained the Cook Cup with a 21-19 win against England here yesterday, their first victory at Twickenham since 1998.
Oil Prices Hover Just Below \$50 a Barrel  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices hovered just below  \$50 a barrel on Tuesday, holding recent gains on a rash of  crude supply outages and fears over thin heating oil tanks.
Jury tells Medtronic to pay \$400 million A federal jury awarded \$400 million in punitive damages Wednesday to a doctor who accused a medical technology company of infringing on his patents for a surgical device to treat spinal injuries.
DAILY DIGEST Enron Corp. #39;s interim chief executive has asked a federal Bankruptcy Court judge to award his firm a \$25 million  quot;success fee #39; #39; for stabilizing the fallen Houston energy giant.
Spotlight falls on consultants CRUSADING New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is turning his attention to pension consultants as part of his attack on the insurance industry.
US, Russia Select Next Crew for Space Station Russia #39;s Federal Space Agency and the US #39;s NASA have approved the crew of the next mission to the international space station, an agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Pakistan, India talk missile tests but analysts say could do &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD : India and Pakistan will Tuesday thrash out an agreement to give each other notice of their ballistic missile tests, but analysts say the rivals are still far from being responsible nuclear powers.
October will be no fall festival for Illini football team The season started with a four-game homestand and mixed results for the Illinois football team. Phase II begins today for the Illini, who head into a rugged October schedule with a Big Ten Conference game at No.
Problems Abound in Election System When Americans go to the polls in November, they will confront a voting system beset by many of the same problems that produced the bitterly disputed outcome four years ago.
Bradley back in lineup following confrontation Milton Bradley was back in the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; lineup Thursday, a day following a clubhouse confrontation between the outfielder and a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
Germany: Bayern Mnchen held in goals galore weekend in the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Frankfurt Dec 4 (SW) - Week sixteen of the German Bundesliga and with one game before the winter break, Bayern Mnchen drew 2-2 on Saturday to stretch their lead to three points over FC Schalke who travel to Dortmund on Sunday.
San Andreas Steals UK Record November 03, 2004 - Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas set a new record by selling 677,000 copies in the first weekend of sales in the UK.
News, Reviews, and Help for the MPX200, iPAQ h6315, and SmartPhone &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Global mobile phone sales grew by 35 in the second quarter of 2004 compared with the same period last year, according to market monitors Gartner.
Russian move clears way to bring Kyoto into force The Russian government approved the Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come into force worldwide.
PalmSource unveils smartphone operating system PalmSource has completed development of Palm Cobalt, the first version of its handheld operating system designed specifically for smartphones.
Oracle's Wish Comes True Now that a judge has ruled against the federal government's effort to thwart Oracle's hostile bid for PeopleSoft over antitrust concerns, the tech sector could see a rash of acquisition attempts.\&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
EU approves Oracle #39;s PeopleSoft bid STRASBOURG: The European Commission on Tuesday approved Oracle Corp. #39;s proposed \$7.7 billion hostile takeover of rival business software company PeopleSoft Inc.
Carroll added to BAA field Three-time Irish Olympian Mark Carroll, a former Providence College star, has been added to the field for tomorrow's Boston Athletic Association Half Marathon.
ONeill has no doubts over new strike force Celtic will put Henri Camara and John Hartson together up front on Tuesday to face the might of Barcelona and Martin ONeill has no doubts about the partnership after seeing them destroy Dundee on Saturday.
Notes: Olerud weighing options John Olerud isn #39;t sure whether he #39;ll be wearing a Yankees uniform come Opening Day 2005, but the first baseman isn #39;t ruling out that option.
Hewitt wins Waterhouse Cup Australian Lleyton Hewitt posted a straight-set win over Peruvian Luis Horna on Sunday to capture the title at the TD Waterhouse Cup.
Credit Suisse to Integrate Units  ZURICH (Reuters) - Credit Suisse will fully integrate its  investment bank Credit Suisse First Boston with the rest of its  banking business, the Swiss group said on Tuesday, as it set  ambitious earnings targets for 2007.
3Com lowers revenue forecast One analyst complains that the gear maker is in a "perpetual state of transition, constantly trying to identify where it can execute."
Fossil of last great ape ancestor found Paleontologiosts from the Miguel Crusafont Institute of Paleontology and the Diputacisn de Barcelona in Barcelona, Spain have found a fossil of a new ape species called Pierolapithecus catalaunicus, or its close relative that might have been the last
The Future of Team Ninja Itagaki shares his thoughts on DOA Ultimate and reveals new info on Dead or Alive 4. December 01, 2004 - Dead or Alive Ultimate shipped in late October, proving itself to truly be among the ultimate fighting games on Xbox.
Gibbs Needs Time As they've been for much of the past decade, the Redskins are a bad team, and it's going to take Joe Gibbs a while to reverse years of incompetence.
Rossley Fine With His Reduced Role (AP) AP - Packers offensive coordinator Tom Rossley says he's fine with his reduced role after being been stripped of his play-calling duties for health reasons.
Anti-Doping Agency Is Boosted By Ban of Sprinter in Balco Case The United States Anti-Doping Agency received an important validation when sprinter Michelle Collins, 33, received an eight-year suspension on Friday.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.67 percent  at the opening on Monday after crude oil dropped back from  record highs above \$49 a barrel, encouraging some investors to  return to the Tokyo stock market in search of bargains.
Your webcam #39;s spying on you The next time you are in your bedroom with your PC plus Webcam switched on, don #39;t think that your privacy is all intact. If you have a Webcam plugged into an infected computer, there is a possibility that
Spitzer Probe May Give Push to National Insurance Regulation The creation of a US insurance regulator is gaining support in Congress and among consumer groups after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer disclosed his probe of improper sales practices.
Hurricane Ivan Heads to Cuba GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - Hurricane Ivan pummeled the Cayman Islands with fierce winds that ripped off roofs and floodwaters that swamped homes, then strengthened to an extremely dangerous Category 5 storm as it headed for western Cuba on Monday.    The hurricane, one of the strongest on record to hit the region, has killed at least 65 people across the Caribbean and threatens millions more people in its projected path...
Hundreds march in Nepal for peace Hundreds of people marched in Katmandu on Sunday, waving banners urging religious tolerance in wake of riots over the killing of 12 Nepalese hostages by Iraqi insurgents.
Judge's decision means uncertain future for PeopleSoft One year ago at PeopleSoft Inc.'s Connect user conference, Chief Executive Officer Craig Conway took the stage to assure several thousand PeopleSoft customers that Oracle Corp.'s then three-month-old bid for control of PeopleSoft had failed. When he stands before the crowd at this year's Connect gathering later this month, he'll have a harder time making the case that Oracle's lingering campaign isn't harming PeopleSoft.
Brazil footballer's mother freed Kidnappers free the mother of Brazilian football star Robinho, six weeks after seizing her at gunpoint.
Bush Blasts Kerry, Signs Tax Bill in Iowa (AP) AP - President Bush said Monday that rival John Kerry's foreign policy stands "are dangerous for world peace," leveling some of his harshest criticism of the campaign during a trip to an important battleground state. Bush also signed tax relief legislation for 94 million Americans and hit Kerry on that issue, too.
Hungary Bans Paprika; National Dish a Health Risk  BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary on Wednesday ordered food  retailers to withdraw all products containing paprika, the  fiery red spice that is an essential ingredient in the  Hungarian national dish, goulash.
Boosters Say They Understand Spurrier #39;s Decision TAMPA - Since his name first surfaced as a possible replacement for Ron Zook, former Florida football coach Steve Spurrier has been the focal point of a Gator Nation desperately seeking a return to glory.
Big Dig leaks water and cash Massachusetts no longer has to worry about the Curse of the Bambino plaguing the Red Sox, but the Curse of the Big Dig, that never-ending Boston highway project, is still much alive.
i2 looks to technology rollout for a rebound i2 Technologies is hoping to continue its rebound by rolling out new technology aimed at retailers and manufacturers and forming partnerships that will help make its applications easier to integrate.
Guitar Player Honors GarageBand Guitar Player magazine announced during the summer NAMM show in Nashville that it has awarded GarageBand the magazine #146;s reader #146;s choice for Best Software of 2004. Jul 29
Caution Dampens Spirit at Cannes Tech Conference  CANNES, France (Reuters) - Concerns about soaring oil  prices and terrorism have injected fresh caution into global  markets over the last six months, executives and investors said  at a technology conference in Cannes.
INTERVIEW: Gwalia Has Been Approached By Gold Ops Buyers PERTH (Dow Jones)--Financially distressed Australian mining company Sons of Gwalia Ltd. (SGW.AU) said Monday that it has been approached by several parties interested in buying its gold business.
Shareholders Let Bonuses Stand Computer Associates International #39;s shareholders defeated a proposal yesterday that could have forced senior executives to give back performance-based bonuses.
Bush: Kerry Unable to Win War on Terror (AP) AP - President Bush said Wednesday that Sen. John Kerry's views on national security are so misguided that the Democrat would be unable to defeat terrorism.
PluggedIn: DVD Lagging TV in Recorders Race (Reuters) Reuters - DVD recorders are getting cheaper and\easier to use, but that may not be enough to spark demand for\the sluggish selling devices.
False comfort in latest Chinese figures? THE LATEST FIGURES from GfK Asia, reported in the FT show that the leading handset manufacturers have temporarily curbed the rot. Local manufacturers #39; share of the Chinese market dropped from 49 per cent to 46 per cent says GfK.
WIU Football Players Charged in Burglary (AP) AP - Two Western Illinois football players were suspended from the team Wednesday after being charged in a weekend burglary.
For Graphic Artists, Back to the Barricades This is a big year for protest graphics, one of the oldest art forms in the United States and one that is booming thanks in part to the Internet.
BellSouth Posts Lower Quarterly Earnings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BLS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said third-quarter earnings fell due to storm damage in its  region and costs stemming from Cingular Wireless' planned \$41  billion purchase of AT T Wireless Services Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;.
U.S. Delays Troops Withdrawl From S. Korea SEOUL, South Korea - The United States will withdraw 12,500 troops from South Korea by 2008, delaying its original plan to redeploy the troops by the end of next year, the South Korean Defense Ministry said Wednesday.    In a statement, the ministry said the U.S...
Rival Technologies Vie for 'Green' Car of Tomorrow (Reuters) Reuters - Carmakers presented new-age automobiles\at the Paris car show on Thursday that could give much-hyped\fuel cells a run for their money in the coming market for\vehicles that do less damage to the environment.
Oil prices surge on fears over hurricane NEW YORK -- Oil prices surged yesterday on fears of hurricane damage and lower-than-expected crude oil and gasoline inventory data released by the government.
Myanmar strongman begins historic India visit (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar's military ruler, Senior General Than Shwe, arrives in India on Sunday on a landmark visit to strengthen economic and political ties with one of the few friends his junta has in the world.
Rebels Set Off Land mine in Indian Kashmir; 11 Dead Separatist militants set off a powerful land mine in Indian Kashmir killing eleven people, including nine soldiers in one of the biggest guerrilla attacks in weeks, police said on Sunday.
Bears Safety Mike Brown Out for Season (AP) AP - Chicago Bears safety Mike Brown will miss the rest of the season after tearing his right Achilles tendon in a victory over Green Bay, coach Lovie Smith said Monday.
Warner named Giants #39; starter New York Giants Coach Tom Coughlin Sunday named Kurt Warner the team #39;s starting quarterback for the season opener at Philadelphia Sept.
Iranian missile  #39;can reach Israel Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, the former president, said the rocket had a range of 1,250 miles and added:  quot;Iran is determined to improve its military capabilities.
Arabs: Terror War Has Spread Instability (AP) AP - Victims of the Sept. 11 attacks were mourned worldwide Saturday, but in the Middle East, amid sympathy for the dead, Arabs said Washington's support for Israel and the war on terror launched in the aftermath of the World Trade Center's collapse have only fueled anger and violence.
T.O. Effect Gives Boost to Eagles' Offense (AP) AP - Terrell Owens' impact is easy to see in the statistics, where the big-gain catches and flashy touchdowns have often led to regular-season wins.
US and Brazil Share Uneasy Relationship Description: Secretary of State Colin Powell tried to mend fences with Latin America #39;s biggest country at a time when Brazilian popular opinion is adamantly hostile to the United States on issues of trade and foreign policy.
UPS va racheter la division Menlo Worldwide Forwarding de CNF PALO ALTO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)5 Octobre 2004--CNF Inc (NYSE:CNF) a annonc aujourd #39;hui un accord dfinitif avec UPS. Selon les termes de l #39;accord UPS va racheter la division de fret Menlo Worldwide
Nelson: Shot Put Silver With one last attempt to win gold, Adam Nelson is called for his fifth consecutive foul, leaving him with a silver medal Wednesday.
Google Slashes Price of Shares in Initial Public Offering Google cut the price of its share offering today as the new listing fell prey to worry about a slump in demand.
Despite Setbacks, Stahl Maintains Healthy Dose of Optimism At 23, pitcher Richard Stahl knows there's still time to impress the Baltimore Orioles' front office. He just needs to stay on the mound long enough.
Ankara gets a boost to its EU aspirations The European Commission gave Turkey #39;s hopes of joining the European Union a huge boost last week, saying it saw  quot;no more obstacles quot; toward a  quot;clear recommendation quot; on starting EU entry talks with Ankara.
Sony Walkman takes on iPod Sony is finally out with their first direct assault on the famed Apple iPod digital music player. As reported earlier, Sony has gone ahead and released their first MP3 supported Walkman.
Clash of the Tech Titans (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Internet's biggest players are preparing for all-out war, adding new weapons to their arsenals in hopes that they can offer the best full suite of digital services to future Net users.
Angels Snatch Title as A's Fall Apart Anaheim scored three runs in the eighth inning off Oakland relievers to rally for a victory and clinch the American League West title.
Microsoft MSN Desktop Search Is Out In Beta Microsoft MSN Desktop Search Is Out In Beta\\As expected, Microsoft has finally released a beta of their Desktop Search software. It is integrated with their Browser Toolbar set and is now labeled MSN Toolbar Suite Beta.\\The download size is huge compared to Google Desktop Search at 4.8megs and you would ...
Olazabal in hunt for US invitation Jose Maria Olazabal has revealed that his participation on next year #39;s regular US Tour now hinges on receiving sponsors invitations.
Sanjay Kumar indicted for fraud New York; September 23, 2004 - The Department of Justice (DoJ), FBI and US Attorney #39;s Office handed down a 10-count indictment against former Computer Associates (CA) chairman and CEO Sanjay Kumar and Stephen Richards, former CA head of worldwide sales.
Sharapova lost to Pierce Maria Sharapova #39;s drive to win another Grand Slam title ended on Saturday when she lost to Mary Pierce 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 in the third round of the US Open.
Els takes aim at his putting LONDON -- Ernie Els has set his sights on an improved putting display this week at the World Golf Championships #39; NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio, after the disappointment of tying for fourth place at the PGA Championship last Sunday.
Blair told Bush he  #39;would not budge #39; in support for war Leaked documents show a gulf between public statements on Iraq and private talks with the White House. Francis Elliott reports. Tony Blair privately promised George Bush he would not budge in his support for
UN warns of hunger in Bangladesh The UN says Bangladeshi children and women face acute malnutrition after the worst floods for years.
Workers muse Uniteds future United Airlines union leaders huddled Friday to decide how to respond after the company signaled its intent to impose an additional \$725 million in labor cuts and eliminate traditional pension plans.
A Curved Path for an Innovative Museum  It looked good on paper: Use huge, golden-colored limestone rocks to make an overhang 130 feet above the entrance of the National Museum of the American Indian on the Mall. It would look like the overhang in a Southwest canyon. No ugly, concrete columns underneath: It would seem as though suspended in air.
Health care, two-tier wage system threaten to ignite labor dispute Two sides with something to prove barrel down a narrow road at one another with no intention of letting up. If neither swerves at the last second, there will be a crash that inflicts heavy damage on both.
Interview with the pornogami Grand Master &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Zen and the art of paper-based sex
Google's Value Tops Yahoo  CHICAGO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. hit  a new high on Monday, giving the Web search leader a bigger  market value than rival Yahoo Inc., as traders who had shorted  the stock scrambled to buy back scarce shares after Google's  better-than-expected quarterly results last week.
Downtime set to increase IT #39;S MYSTIC MEG, the Gartner Group is predicting that system downtime will increase from five per cent this year to 15 per cent in 2008 due to security holes.
Leader of devastated Australian Labor Party to stand again (AFP) AFP - Opposition leader Mark Latham has declared his intention to recontest the leadership of the centre-left Labor Party even as he was being blamed for its devastating defeat in the weekend election.
Slovenia leader in key poll test The people of Slovenia are voting in the first parliamentary elections since the country joined the European Union and Nato earlier this year.
Apple Fights Back Against RealNetworks (AP) AP - No longer only a war of words, Apple Computer Inc. has quietly started to block the technology that RealNetworks Inc. created to get around the iPod music player's copy-protection armor.
Harry scuffles with photographer AP - Prince Harry scuffled with a paparazzi photographer outside a nightclub early Thursday, further feeding his growing public image as a rebellious party boy.
Insurer acquires 330 Stuart St. for \$28m Liberty Mutual Group, the second-largest international insurer based in the United States, bought an office and retail building across the street from its headquarters in Boston for about \$28 million. The building, at 330 Stuart St., has 105,000 square feet of space, Liberty Mutual said. The seller was the Massachusetts Higher Education Assistance Corp. Liberty Mutual plans to renovate the ...
Qualcomm Broaches A Red-Flag Subject: Accounting Changes (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Thanks to earlier reports of a strong cell phone market, it didn't surprise many analysts that Qualcomm, a leading cell phone company, on Friday boosted its earnings guidance.
Angels ponder life without Guillen ANAHEIM ---- Angels management was so disturbed by Jose Guillen #39;s backlash at manager Mike Scioscia after Guillen was removed for a pinch runner Saturday that the team is willing to chase a playoff berth without its slugging left fielder.
Drive fast, turn left: The Chase made sense In the end, NASCAR got what it wanted and the fans got what they didnt know they wanted. With the inaugural 10-race Chase for the NASCAR Nextel Cup now in the proverbial rearview mirror, even the naysayers
Microsoft in Tune with Digital Music (Reuters) Reuters - Software giant Microsoft is\casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by\positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice.
FBI Searches Saudi Arabia's PR Firm  The FBI searched offices of a prominent public relations firm Tuesday, looking for information about its client Saudi Arabia, law enforcement sources said.
Mortar shells hit Gaza settlement, woman killed Jerusalem, Sept. 24 (PTI): An Israeli woman was killed and another slightly injured today when Palestinian militants fired four mortar shells at the Neveh Dekalim settlement in southern Gaza Strip, army sources said.
Lucent, Unions Extend Talks to Monday Lucent Technologies Inc. (LU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and unions representing roughly 10 percent of the telecommunications equipment maker #39;s work force on Sunday agreed to extend talks, their second extension in 10 days.
Colts could be missing both starting guards Tupe Peko didn #39;t practice Wednesday because he hurt his right foot in last week #39;s 49-14 victory over Houston. Rick DeMulling has been limited in practice because of a bruised chest.
Team buses to have police protection after incident There will be police escorts and protection for the Chicago White Sox team buses during their series against the Royals. Kevin Hallinan, Major League Baseball #39;s vice
Is That a Pilot in Your Pocket? Researchers coax cells in a petri dish into learning to guide a plane. The project should lead to a better understanding of how the brain works. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
Oracle again extends offer for PeopleSoft Oracle Corp.'s hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker PeopleSoft Inc. for \$7.7 billion is set to continue for a bit longer.
Ol #39; ballcoach draws up another trick play The inability to figure Steve Spurrier hasn #39;t been this severe since Georgia dumped Ray Goff. During his 12-year coaching run at the University of Florida, no one ever knew exactly what he was
Onterrio Smith to begin 4-game suspension Minnesota Vikings running back Onterrio Smith will miss the next four games for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy. Smith was notified by the league Tuesday that he will
Bill introduced in US Senate, seeking UN action on Myanmar (AFP) AFP - A resolution seeking UN Security Council action against Myanmar was introduced in the US Senate, accusing the Southeast Asian state's military rulers of brutally repressing ethnic minorities and using rape as a weapon of war.
Sugar business sours as US goes diet crazy Mary Poppins was wrong.  quot;A spoonful of sugar quot; doesn #39;t cut it anymore. In a diet-obsessed culture, many Americans are going sour on sugar.
UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE MONTE CARLO, November 23 (Champions League) - A controversial Javier Saviola goal left Liverpool #39;s hopes of a place in the Champions League second round hanging by a thread as Monaco claimed all three points in the Principality.
Big or Small NASA Space Vision? According to the Boeing-Northrup Grumman announcement, the two companies plan to alternate as prime contractor should they win the bid to build the CEV.
India, Pakistan approve key proposals ahead of ministers #39; meeting NEW DELHI : Top Indian and Pakistani officials approved proposals to break the impasse over Kashmir and strengthen ties on the eve of a meeting between the rival states #39; foreign ministers.
Indian refinery blast injures 16 Sixteen workers are critically hurt in a huge explosion at an oil refinery near the western Indian city of Baroda.
With Help, Sea Turtles Rally to Escape Oblivion Olive ridley sea turtles are making a comeback, largely because of Mexican conservation efforts.
Lamy Strong Candidate for WTO Job-USTR  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. trade officials said on Tuesday  that former European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy would  be a "strong candidate" to lead the World Trade Organization,  but stopped short of formally endorsing him.
Stuttgart Slip Again Against Ten-Man Bremen VfB Stuttgart blew a gilt-edged chance to go back to the top of the Bundesliga on Wednesday night after leading ten-man Werder Bremen for most of a match they eventually lost 2-1.
Hackers Exploit Microsoft's JPEG Flaw (AP) AP - In a harbinger of security threats to come, hackers have exploited a newly announced flaw in Microsoft Corp. programs and begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format.
Nvidia Signs License Deal with Intel Under an agreement with Intel, Nvidia will be able to make integrated graphics chips that are placed on the computer #39;s motherboard along with the main processor.
Rocket kills one Pakistani paramilitary scout A rocket attack killed one Pakistani paramilitary soldier and wounded eight more, three of them seriously, in the western tribal region where troops are hunting al Qaeda-linked militants, officials said on Sunday.
Key Moments in Patriots 27-24 victory The New England Patriots played the Indianapolis Colts in the first NFL regular season game of the year. The Patriots were able to hold off a late Colts rally and preserve their victory 27 to 24, sending the Colts record in Foxboro to 0-6.
NTSB Blames 2001 Plane Crash on Co-Pilot The co-pilot of American Airlines flight 587 caused the November 2001 crash that claimed the lives of 265 people, the staff of the nation's airline safety agency reported Tuesday.
Marines Set for Sunni Triangle Battle The U.S. Marines are preparing for a "decisive" battle in the Sunni Triangle area west of Baghdad, where insurgents are extending control outward from Fallujah through violence and intimidation, senior commanders said Friday.
Oil Rebounds After Iraq Pipeline Attack Oil prices rose on Friday as a sabotage attack on Iraqi oil infrastructure reignited concern about the reliability of crude exports from the country despite a peace deal to end an uprising in Najaf.
Bush Gains, but Not With Swing Voters (AP) AP - President Bush has been gaining ground among overall voters as a leader and the man to fight terrorism, but swing voters have been less impressed, a tracking poll suggests.
BMO to lead off banks #39; quarterly results reports Canada #39;s major banks begin reporting third-quarter earnings this week and analysts will be looking to see whether they can repeat the strong showing from the second quarter.
Nanotechnology-Based Products Have Impact (AP) AP - For a science that's about manipulating substances at the molecular level, nanotechnology is starting to bring big profits to many consumer product makers.
Intel Sets Upbeat Tone on Wall Street (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. shares are set to open higher on\Friday, buoyed by Intel Corp.  after the world's\largest chip maker raised its quarterly revenue target due to\strong demand, but all eyes will be on jobs data before the\opening.
Canada to Hold Inquiry on Submarine Fire, Meet With UK #39;s Hoon Canada will hold a naval inquiry into the cause of a fire that broke out on a submarine last week, killing one sailor and leaving the vessel drifting in the Atlantic, Canadian Defense
Ex-HP exec joins StreamServe board Peter Blackmore, who lost his job at Hewlett-Packard in August, is now a director of the board for the Swedish software company.
Manufacturing Growth Slowing This has been another month of growth for manufacturing and the economy in general, although the latest monthly report on business from the Institute for Supply Management (ISM) indicates that the rate of manufacturing growth is slowing down.
Hit bears  #39;hallmark #39; of Israelis The killing of a Palestinian resistance activist in Syria on Sunday bears all the hallmarks of an Israeli hit. Tel Aviv has yet to claim responsibility for the assassination of Izz
Sport Anglers Said to Catch More Fish Than Thought Casual fishermen reel in nearly a quarter of the catch of overfished saltwater species, a much higher share than previously thought, researchers report in a new study.
Record \$4.7bn profit for BHP BHP Billiton #39;s record-breaking profit was driven by China #39;s seemingly insatiable demand for commodities. Picture:Bloomberg ...
Chelsea sends Mutu packing London, England (Sports Network) - Chelsea has told Adrian Mutu his services are no longer needed at the club after testing positive for cocaine use.
Beckham virus spotted on the net Security firms are warning about a virus that tries to cash in on interest in David Beckham.
Ukraine Sees Fresh Rallies After Parliament Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Opposition supporters rallied anew on the\streets of the Ukrainian capital on Sunday, boosted by a\parliamentary vote declaring invalid a disputed presidential\poll handing victory to Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich.
Britain #39;s trade gap widens as oil imports hit record high Britain #39;s international trade gap widened in July as it ran up a monthly deficit on its oil balance for the first time in more than a decade,official figures showed Thursday.
BAE buys Pentagon IT supplier BAE Systems acquires a US firm which provides computer and IT systems to the US defence department.
Bell Canada sells stake in MTS MONTREAL (CP) - BCE Inc. is selling most of its minority stake in MTS for a total of \$578 million, with MTS buying back more than half of the shares and the rest sold on the open market, BCE announced Wednesday.
Six found guilty in Pitcairn trials ELEANOR HALL: Now to the judgment in the sex abuse trial on Pitcairn Island. A short time ago the court on the Island handed down a guilty verdict against all but one of the seven men who had been charged with offences ranging from indecency to rape.
N.B.A. Hands Tough Penalties to Players Involved in Brawl The Pacers' Ron Artest was suspended for the season, and two of his teammates must sit out for a combined 55 games.
Indonesia #39;s President Swears in New Cabinet Indonesia #39;s new president has sworn in his cabinet, a day after his inauguration. But some of the names in the new administration have raised concerns among observers that politics might have won out over practicalities.
St. Louis Cardinals Team Report - September 3 (Sports Network) - A possible National League Division Series preview will take center stage this evening in St. Louis, as the MLB-best Cardinals host the Los Angeles Dodgers for the opener of a their three-game set at Busch Stadium.
DC Tops Nation In Women #39;s Pay, Equity With Men The District of Columbia ranks ahead of all 50 states in women #39;s median wage, while Maryland is a close second and Virginia ranks eighth, according to a new state-by-state report on the status of women.
Vodafone begins 3G mobile service Vodafone launches its third-generation services for mobile phones, offering video calls, music downloads and games.
India, Pakistan Note Modest Progress in Peace Talks India #39;s foreign minister says modest progress was made in two days of peace talks with his Pakistani counterpart in New Delhi.
Online intrusion risks large identity cache Time to call the credit bureaus? Almost 1.4 million records containing the personal information of Californians likely stolen.
Eisner testimony countered Walt Disney Chairman George Mitchell said he was asked to become company president before the job was offered to Michael Ovitz, disputing testimony by CEO Michael Eisner.
Bush spurs on Irish deal US President George Bush has personally intervened in the Northern Ireland peace process to spur on the new power-sharing deal. Mr Bush telephoned Dr Rev Ian Paisley, the leader of the Democratic Unionist
Actor Fox Appears in Kerry Campaign Ad NEW YORK - Actor Michael J. Fox is returning to TV - in a commercial praising Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for his stance on stem cell research...
Air Force at Unease in the Capital At the heart of the scandal is a relationship between the Air Force and its main supplier, the Boeing Company, that had grown increasingly cozy.
The secret to the rise of Man? Man became the world #39;s alpha species thanks to his outsized brain, according to the view that has dominated anthropology for decades.
Growth, Mortality of T. Rex Gets Clearer (AP) AP - Here's a dinosaur finding that parents can appreciate: The teenage Tyrannosaurus rex typically went through an explosive growth spurt, gaining nearly 5 pounds a day.
UPDATE 2-US appeals court turns down ABB #39;s asbestos deal A US appeals court on Thursday turned down ABB #39;s (ABBN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) (ABB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) proposed \$1.2 billion settlement of an asbestos lawsuit involving the Swiss engineering group #39;s Combustion
National League Game Summary - Houston at St. Louis St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - Jim Edmonds homered and delivered the go- ahead run in the eighth inning on a sacrifice fly, leading the St.
Kodak Closing Labs in Europe, Cuts Jobs (AP) AP - Eastman Kodak Co. is shutting three photofinishing labs in Spain and Norway, shrinking a fourth lab in Switzerland and eliminating about 300 jobs as the world's biggest film manufacturer bets its future on digital photography.
Chipmaker Fujitsu prepares WiMax chip Company preps single chip WiMax compliant part for use in wireless broadband gear.
European Services Slowed in August Amid Job, Oil Concerns Growth in the European service industries, ranging from banking to telecommunications, slowed in August as households became increasingly concerned about jobs and oil prices reached a record.
The Grapevine Is Whispering; It Says Mondavi he Mondavi family, who just a year ago gave up control of the corporation that bears its name, could be a long-shot bidder for its most famous winery.
Crazy Horse Kin Want Strip Club Renamed (AP) AP - Descendants of the native American warrior Crazy Horse want a change in the famed Paris strip club named after him.
Colombia Eyes Banks in Drug Money Hunt &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Hugh Bronstein&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia will require banksand money changers to report all international transfers ofmore than \$200 starting next year to help combat drug moneylaundering and "narco terrorists" and control the strength ofthe peso.&lt;/p&gt;
Roddick Defeats Henman in Masters Cup (AP) AP - Andy Roddick waited out a rain delay and then held off Tim Henman of Great Britain for a 7-5, 7-6 (6) victory in the first round of the ATP Masters Cup championship Tuesday night.
Lawyers Clear Krispy Kreme of Wrongdoing Troubled doughnut maker Krispy Kreme said Thursday that lawyers have concluded for a second time that no one at the company engaged in intentional misconduct related to the company #39;s acquisition of a Michigan franchise.
Consumer Prices Drop as Industry Output Is Up Consumer prices dropped in July for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in gasoline costs reversed, the government said.
Cell Phone Defect Could Cause Hearing Damage Siemens on Thursday warned users of its 65 series cell phones that a bug in the devices #39; software could cause hearing damage. The problem affects Siemens #39; C65, CX65, M65, S65, and SL65 as well the CV65, CT65, CXV65, and CXT65, the company said.
Study claims lake on Mars was wide, deep NASA #39;s Mars rover Opportunity found evidence for a lake or sea on Mars, and new research suggests the body of water was deep, large and long-lasting.
Weak German GDP: Eurozone fears German economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter as exports weakened and oil prices surged, raising fears that eurozone GDP figures due Friday will be lower than expected.
Kookas enjoy last laugh HAVING finally wrapped their hands around the holy grail - an Olympic gold medal -ustralia #39;s men #39;s hockey players retired to their dressingrooms to perform a victory ritual immortalised by a national team familiar with success.
Philosopher Jacques Derrida Dies at 74 World-renowned thinker Jacques Derrida, a charismatic philosopher who founded the school known as deconstructionism, has died, the French president #39;s office said Saturday.
NL Wrap: Cubs Maintain Wild-Card Lead with Win Derrek Lee #39;s 10th-inning single scored Mark Grudzielanek with the winning run, clinching the red-hot Chicago Cubs a 2-1 victory over the host New York Mets in the National League Friday.
Mexico set to pass Canada in vehicle sales Mexico is poised overtake Canada in annual passenger vehicle sales by 2010, a situation one economist says could make it more difficult for Canada to lure future investments from automakers, including the construction of new assembly plants and
BA to sell Qantas stake, cutting debt LONDON British Airways said Wednesday that it would sell its stake in Qantas Airways and use the proceeds to strengthen its balance sheet for acquisitions in Europe.
Product Previews (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Cray taps Linux for more affordable supercomputing\ Trying to expand outside its traditional technical markets, Cray on Monday unveiled its first Linux-based supercomputer. The new Cray XD1 series runs Suse Linux on AMD #8217;s Opteron chip. The 64-bit system is organized as six two-way SMPs that can deliver 58 gigaflops per chassis. The system can handle as many as six 3.5-inch serial ATA drives and has a memory bandwidth of 12.8GB per SMP. It also features four PCI-X bus slots and a dual port Gigabit Ethernet PCI-X card for as many as eight Gigabit Ethernet ports per chassis. Pricing starts at  #36;50,000 for a 12-processor chassis and goes to  #36;2 million for a 288-processor configuration with two racks of 12 chassis each.\XD1, Cray
Vivendi raises forecast as profit soars PARIS Vivendi Universal said Wednesday that its third-quarter profit surged, helped by tax savings and profit at its mobile phone division.
AL notables Joe Crede is Chicago's sixth player with 20 homers, a franchise record. The other White Sox with 20 or more homers are Paul Konerko (40), Carlos Lee (29), Jose Valentin (29), Aaron Rowand (22), and Juan Uribe (21).
Baseball Owners Tentatively OK Expos Move (AP) AP - Baseball owners took another step toward moving the Montreal Expos to Washington next year, giving conditional approval Friday but hinging their decision on the September agreement that did not cap the cost of a new ballpark.
Indonesian Ex-General Sworn in as President (Reuters) Reuters - Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono\was sworn in as Indonesia's sixth president on Wednesday after\sweeping to power by vowing faster job growth, a war on\corruption and tough punishment for terrorists. A\solemn-looking Yudhoyono took the oath of office inside a\cavernous hall at parliament in front of the very legislators\many expect will challenge the big popular mandate he won in\Indonesia's first direct presidential election last month.
Group claims responsibility for air crashes A rescuer carries the recorder found in the wreckage of a Russian Tupolev Tu-154, one of two planes to crash after taking off from the same airport 40 minutes apart.
Technology Key to RNC's Protective Net The Republican National Convention kicks off on Monday in the Big Apple and while politics is the main focus, technology will play an important role in securing the event. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Sources: Few details to be ironed out While a swap had not yet been consummated Monday evening, there is mounting circumstantial evidence that Oakland Raiders wide receiver Jerry Rice will be dealt to the Seattle Seahawks before the league #39;s Tuesday trade deadline.
Anadarko to sell Gulf of Mexico shelf properties for \$1.3B Houston-based Anadarko Petroleum Corp. has agreed to sell its Gulf of Mexico shelf properties in two deals that total \$1.312 billion.
AT amp;T to Cut 7,400 More Jobs, Take \$11.4 Bln Writedown (Update3) AT amp;T Corp. said it will cut 7,400 more jobs this year and write down \$11.4 billion of assets as the phone company retreats from the residential business it once dominated.
Flood-Hit Filipinos Seek Safety as Typhoon Nears (Reuters) Reuters - Residents of flood-hit\Philippine towns scrambled to higher ground Thursday as the\most powerful typhoon this year threatened to cause more\destruction after floods and landslides killed up to 600\people.
Putin Critics, Supporters Demonstrate in Russian Capital Supporters and critics of Russia #39;s president are demonstrating in Moscow, with both groups calling attention to Kremlin plans to consolidate power.
Qwest to Pay \$250 Million in Fraud Probe Qwest Communications International Inc. yesterday agreed to pay \$250 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that the company fraudulently booked \$3.
Ransacked Bills 0 for 2 in sloppy loss (September 20, 2004) - OAKLAND, Calif. -ike Mularkey had his back against a cement block wall deep inside Network Associates Coliseum late Sunday.
Power Surfing When Che Carsner wanted to find discount airline tickets for his parents from the Miami area to New York, he knew where to look. Carsner, a Manhattan real-estate agent logged onto Kayak.
Phelps #39; gesture is worth a million Just when we thought the kid couldn #39;t do anything more to amaze us, he raised the bar Friday night and did it without putting a hand in the water.
NBA ROUNDUP James Helps the Cavaliers Break .500 LeBron James scored 33 points and the Cleveland Cavaliers moved over .500 for the first time in more than three years with their fourth straight victory, a
Kerry Gives Money to Support Dem Races (AP) AP - John Kerry is giving  #36;250,000 to support Democrats in disputed elections in Washington state and Louisiana and forming a new fund that could help his future political ambitions.
Hamas vows Gaza revenge Palestinian militant group Hamas swears vengeance for 14 of its members killed in an Israeli air strike on Gaza.
Adelphia to allow Time Warner/Comcast dual bid-WSJ Bankrupt cable operator Adelphia Communications Corp (ADELQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) will allow cable companies Time Warner Inc.
Oil closes above \$50 for first time NEW YORK - Oil prices closed above \$50 a barrel for the first time in New York trading Friday, as traders fretted about Nigerian oil production amid a threatened rebel uprising.
Dollar Retests Record Lows Vs Euro  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar retested record lows against  the euro on Monday as traders continued to shun the U.S.  currency on concerns about bloated deficits in the United  States.
Sidebar: PeopleSoft Puts CRM App on BlackBerries OCTOBER 25, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - PeopleSoft Inc. today will announce that it #39;s porting the sales force automation module from the latest version of its CRM software to Research In Motion Ltd.
Terrorism ; Britain takes special steps to battle terrorism Terrorism News, London,Britain is drawing up far-reaching proposals to tackle terrorism, including allowing the use of phone-taps as evidence in trials and special anti-terror courts.
Adriano double gives Inter 2-0 win over ten-man Bremen Brazilian Adriano scored both goals as Inter Milan beat Werder Bremen 2-0 in their opening match in Champions League Group G on Tuesday.
Sun offers help in academic networking The new program includes grants and classes to help research and academic institutions manage their network systems.
Salvation Army Facing Uphill Battle This Holiday Season Louisville rings in the Christmas season with a 120-year tradition. The Salvation Army kicked off its kettle and bell ringing campaign Friday, called  quot;Keep the Tradition Alive.
Cisco Revamps Catalyst Switch Range To extend 10GbE support to the network edge, the revamped 6500 Supervisor Engine 32 ships with a choice of two 10GbE XENPAK-based or eight one GbE Small Form Factor Pluggable based uplinks.
Militants film  #39;spy #39; beheading AN Iraqi militant group has posted a video on its website showing the beheading of a man it accused of being a spy recruited by US forces in the northern city of Mosul.
Iran insists N-deal still on IRAN said today it was still committed to suspending parts of its sensitive nuclear program and alarm over its last-minute uranium conversion activities was merely US  quot;propaganda quot;.
Pirates Hotwire  #39;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas #39; Both Rockstar Games and Microsoft are in pursuit of the gaming robbers. While Microsoft has made it clear that it is  quot;aggressively pursuing the source of the illegal act, quot; Rockstar has
Fans Honor United Approximately 500 D.C. United fans gathered at RFK Stadium on Tuesday to celebrate the team's victory in Sunday's MLS Cup.
Congressional act shortens check  #39;float time #39; Congress recently passed the  quot;Checks for the 21st Century Act quot; - also known as  quot;Check 21 quot; - and it goes into effect today.
Downhome Pinoy Blues, Intersecting Life Paths, and Heartbreak Songs The Blues is alive and well in the Philippines, as evidenced by this appreciation of the Pinoy Blues band 'Lampano Alley', penned by columnist Clarence Henderson as a counterpoint to his usual economics, business, and culture fare.
Europe's First Moon Mission Successful (AP) AP - A fuel-efficient, compact spacecraft has made it into lunar orbit, signaling Europe's first successful mission to the moon and putting the inexpensive probe on course to study the lunar surface, officials said Tuesday.
US pushing Japan to be base for force extending reach to Middle East: report (AFP) AFP - The United States is pushing Japan to become a base for a force that can deploy to the Middle East, a move that exceeds the bounds of their current security alliance, a report said.
Ex-Palm CEO Yankowski to head Majesco Carl Yankowski replaces Jesse Sutton as CEO of the game publisher.
US Economy: Retail Sales Rise 3rd Month in November (Update1) US retail sales unexpectedly increased for a third month in November, easing concern that consumers will be tight-fisted this holiday shopping season.
Ivan #39;s cost may fall as it misses Big Easy Hurricane Ivan may cost insurers less than first estimated after the third storm to hit the United States in six weeks skirted New Orleans.
Mustard-hot Frankfurt Werner Seiffert, the chief executive of the Deutsche Brse, the German stock market, has made little secret of his determination to expand into London.
The first loan from the IMF for Iraq The International Monetary Fund announced that the council of governments, stakeholders in the Fund #39;s capital approved yesterday to provide an urgent aid for Iraq estimated at \$ 436 million and representing the first loan from the Fund for Baghdad.
Briefly: TV chip company gets \$19 million roundup Plus: Oracle extends deadline on PeopleSoft bid...MLB sells game clips for 99 cents...TiVo hires marketing chief...Jail time for California swappers?
American, 3 others kidnapped Mon. in Baghdad (Baghdad, Iraq-AP) Nov. 1, 2004 - US Embassy officials are confirming that an American is among four foreigners abducted during a bloody assault at their office in Baghdad.
Zafi worm purports to be Christmas greeting com December 14, 2004, 12:26 PM PT. A new variant of the so-called Zafi worm surfaced Tuesday, disguised to appear as a Christmas greeting.
Alaska's Lone Elephant Getting Treadmill (AP) AP - Animal handlers agonized over the issue for more than a year: the wisdom of moving Alaska's only elephant away from the only home she has ever known. Nine elephant experts were consulted from zoos and animal parks in the United States and Canada, and a decision was made: Maggie stays.
Black Flags Are Deadly Signals as Cornered Rebels Fight Back The flags are the insurgents' answer to two-way radios, their way of massing the troops and concentrating fire on an enemy.
Vioxx pulled from market The maker of the popular arthritis drug Vioxx is removing it from markets worldwide after a new study found that long-term users face increased risks for heart attack and stroke.
EIGHTH IS EASIEST Swimmer Michael Phelps might have turned in his most wonderfully uplifting performance of the Olympics last night. And he didn #39;t even get wet.
Singapore wants to double manufacturing in 15 years Singapore says it hopes to double manufacturing output in 15 years as regional competition heats up from lower-cost rivals such as fast-growing China and India.
Schumacher Wins Japanese Grand Prix for 13th Victory of Season World champion Michael Schumacher won the Japanese Grand Prix to give his Ferrari team a record-tying 15th victory in 17 Formula One races this year.
Practice Makes Credit According to a Washington Post survey, nearly three dozen of the 117 Division I-A universities award academic credit to varsity athletes for participating in intercollegiate sports.
Insecurity across Darfur, Sudan threatens aid deliveries, warns UN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 13 October 2004 - The United Nations food relief agency warned today that the security situation in Sudan #39;s strife-torn Darfur region is so volatile that it is hampering the delivery and distribution of food aid to the vast population of internally
Chiefs' Warfield Arrested An NFL player's repeated drunken driving arrests have helped expose a loophole in a national registry that allows some offenders to remain behind the wheel even after a state suspends their licenses.
BCS sets table for crucial games College footballs 3 1/2-month regular season has come down to this: Three critical games. And a couple of critical votes. Unbeaten USC, Oklahoma and Auburn remain 1-2-3 in Mondays Bowl Championship Series
Microjets Catch the Eye of Wealthy Travelers A group of entrepreneurs backed by the likes of Bill Gates and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. are building tiny jets that cost a small fraction of what corporate executives and celebrities pay for luxury Learjets and Gulfstreams.
Patterson sends Brewers packing Corey Patterson smacked a two-out, two-run home run in the ninth inning Wednesday to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 4-2 victory and complete a sweep of the Milwaukee Brewers.
Under security cover, trucks move into Manipur (Reuters) Reuters - Truckers drove into Manipur on Wednesday under troop protection, despite fears of attacks by protesters trying to impose a 16-day blockade, police said.
Video Game Makers Get a  #39;C #39; for Effort, Critics Say Critics questions whether violent videogames like  quot;BloodRayne quot; should be played by children and teenagers. The videogame industry says games with mature themes have appropriate ratings.
GU Pounds San Jose St. Ray Reed scores 10 points and Georgetown holds San Jose State to a season-low point total in a 58-40 win over the Spartans.
Pacers Won #39;t Comply With Police Request The Indiana Pacers have told law enforcement officials in Michigan that Pacers players will not submit to interviews as part of the investigation into the brawl that
Several Bird Species #39; Populations Down Sharply, Audubon Society &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There #39;s a reason why Arkansans haven #39;t seen as many meadowlarks in recent years. The National Audubon Society says there aren #39;t as many of the birds around as there once were.
Beer in Moderation Could Be Good for You TORONTO (AP) -- Beer, a health food? That's what some Canadian researchers report.    A study from the University of Western Ontario finds a brew could be good for you...
E-Courtrooms Designed to Reduce Trial Time (AP) AP - Every word spoken in the courtroom where Branden Basham is on trial for his life appears immediately before U.S. District Judge Joseph Anderson on a computer screen. Basham, accused in the 2002 abduction and death of Alice Donovan of Galivants Ferry, is having his case heard in one of three E-courtrooms in the new Matthew J. Perry Jr. Federal Courthouse here.
When the going gets tough... Soccernet #39;s Insider has spent a couple of years lavishing praise on the genius who goes by the name of Thierry Henry, yet the time has come to put some perspective on his achievements.
GOP Delegates Boo Moore at Convention NEW YORK - Already a box office sensation, filmmaker Michael Moore got another loud reception Monday at the Republican National Convention. This time, it was boos...
Harris leads Michigan past Buffs, into NIT semis Dion Harris was an important cog for Michigan #39;s run to the postseason NIT championship last season. Harris is now doing it again for the Wolverines in their push to become to the first
Tul Introduces Its latest PowerColor XPRESS 200 PCI-E Mainboard on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As any experienced gamer would know, current PC games demand more and more graphics power to run. The PowerColor XPRESS 200 fulfils the needs of high graphics performance and limited budget for users.
Oil Prices Extend Gains Above  #36;41/barrel (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices extended gains above  #36;41 a\barrel on Tuesday on forecasts of colder temperatures in the\U.S. Northeast, a supply cut by top OPEC producer Saudi Arabia\and disruptions to Iraqi crude exports.
Open-Davenport extends streak to reach third round Lindsay Davenport extended her unbeaten streak to 19 matches with a 6-4 6-2 second round win over Spaniard Arantxa Parra Santonja at the US Open on Thursday.
Spacecraft reaches its goal on white-knuckle first leg Kern County -- The first privately funded rocket to reach space completed the first half of a \$10 million flight competition Wednesday by soaring to an altitude of 64 miles -- but only after enduring a white-knuckle series of barrel rolls.
Coupons in Hand, Shoppers Welcome Markdowns Shocked by a mediocre post-Thanksgiving weekend, merchants are rushing to mark down their merchandise - before the majority of holiday shoppers have even seen it.
Agassi Moves Into Legg Mason Quarters (AP) AP - Andre Agassi breezed into the quarterfinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic with a 6-4, 6-2 victory over Kristian Pless on Thursday night.
Nokia and Vodafone to Lead Roadmap for Mobile Java Standards LONDON, Aug. 26 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- In a move that is intended to deliver benefits for the mobile industry and for mobile customers, Nokia and Vodafone today announce the formation of a mobile service architecture initiative.
China to punish embassy intruders China would punish intruders at embassies and schools according to the law, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said Tuesday.
Sooners stay White-hot NORMAN, Okla. -- Jason White threw for 383 yards and three touchdowns to help No. 2 Oklahoma rout Nebraska, 30-3, last night.
Google search program gets jump on Microsoft Internet search leader Google Inc. yesterday introduced Google Desktop Search, a free program that creates an index of the files on a user #39;s own computer.
PalmOne #39;s T5, Physician Friendly PalmOne has introduced the Tungsten T5 handheld with 256MB of flash memory aimed at physicians and healthcare professionals. The Tungsten T5 handheld #39;s flash memory protects information even if the device
FEATURE-Splendid disregard for convention marked Miller Deep in thought, almost certainly unrelated to the task in hand, Keith Miller once led 12 men on to the field for New South Wales.
Sherwin-Williams #39; Duron acquisition clears FTC Paint giant Sherwin-Williams is one step closer to completing its \$253 million acquisition of Beltsville-based Duron. The Federal Trade Commission has terminated its review of the proposed merger and will not contest it.
Olympics: Ireland #39;s O #39;Connor claims Olympic show jumping gold ATHENS : Ireland #39;s Cian O #39;Connor, riding Waterford Crystal, won the Olympic individual show jumping title at the Markopoulo equestrian centre.
Update 2: Volkswagen, Workers Renew Wage Talks Wage negotiations between Volkswagen AG and Germany #39;s biggest industrial union broke up without agreement Thursday, but the two sides agreed to hold more talks next week even as the union presses ahead with plans for a flurry of short work stoppages.
Music firms win 'pirates' ruling The UK music industry is granted a court order forcing ISPs to reveal the names of alleged illegal file-sharers.
D.C. Close at the Plate Yes, we've been down this road before, but it looks as though the economic and political factors are now aligned in favor of baseball in the District -- although precariously.
County Refocuses on Retail Prince George's County officials Tuesday renewed their push to persuade retailers to locate in the county by releasing a 70-page report that said it is home to more high-income households than Anne Arundel, Howard counties.
Higher bid for PeopleSoft? (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - Try lower, says Oracle CEO Larry Ellison on the witness stand in Delaware's Court of Chancery.
Update 2: Qwest, SEC Reach Agreement, Says Official Qwest Communications International Inc. has tentatively agreed to pay \$250 million to settle fraud allegations by federal regulators, a union official said Friday - a move that could help lift a cloud that
GLOBAL MARKETS-Exporters Gain  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Exporters such as Honda Motor Co. led  gains in Japanese shares Monday as a rebound in the U.S. dollar  eased concerns over corporate profits, but stocks elsewhere in  Asia slipped on rising oil prices.
Rain in Spain Doesn #39;t Dampen Spirits It may have been raining outside in Seville today but it didn #39;t dampen the mood of either the Spanish or American teams, as they appeared before the world #39;s press.
Wal-Mart Comes Back Swinging After being outmaneuvered by aggressive competitors at the start of the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart Stores (WMT ) is returning fire.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: SEMPO Next Steps   Mike Grehan's Second SEMPO Article - Overture Bidding Cap - PPC Question for Merchants - SEO Firm Ordered to Refund Fees, Pay Fine - Tracking Past Links   Traffic? - Google Settles Overture Patent Dispute - Advice on Site Structure
McGahee: Play Me or Trade Me Running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not their starter on opening day, a source told The Associated Press on Friday.
Thoroughbreds Ride High Thoroughbred race horses are riding high as purse money grows along with television audiences for the sport made even more popular by Hollywood movies such as  quot;Seabiscuit.
Pompey frustrate Liverpool boss Benitez The Spaniard saw Portsmouth snatch an injury-time equaliser on Tuesday night to frustrate Liverpool who had been hoping for a win after Saturday #39;s derby defeat to Everton.
Trade Gap Swells More Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. trade deficit widened\nearly 9 percent in October to a record  #36;55.5 billion as\sky-high oil prices helped propel imports into new territory,\the government said on Tuesday.
NBA Rundown - Coach stands up for player There aren #39;t many NBA coaches who would publicly side with a player, as opposed to management, in a contract dispute. But then, there aren #39;t many coaches like San Antonio #39;s Gregg Popovich, who has the luxury
Steel Shares Dive On Price Cuts MUMBAI, AUG 23: Shares of steel firms fell in the range of 4 to 7 per cent early on Monday after top producers slashed prices amid government concerns about spiralling inflation, traders said.
AOL Shuns Microsoft Anti-Spam Technology (AP) AP - Add America Online Inc. to the growing list of companies and organizations shunning a spam-fighting proposal from Microsoft Corp. AOL cited "tepid support" for Microsoft's so-called Sender ID technology, which seeks to cut down on junk e-mail by making it difficult for spammers to forge e-mail headers and addresses, a common technique for hiding their origins.
EBay #39;s Rent.com Purchase Fraught with Risk In a real-estate market in which homeowners have been flipping properties almost as quickly as they would stocks, eBay #39;s getting in on the action.
News: Russian fined for virus-writing exploits A Russian member of well-known 29A virus writers group has been fined 3,000 roubles (approximately 57) after he admitted writing malicious code.
Sage Grouse Listing May Curb Natural Gas (AP) AP - Some wildlife experts want to make the greater sage grouse an endangered species icon. Its Western habitat, unfortunately, is atop some of the nation's largest untapped natural gas fields.
No. 7 Notre Dame Drubs Dayton 65-39 Notre Dame guard Charel Allen, left, looks for a shot in front Dayton guard Ashley Armstrong, right, during the second half Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004 in Dayton, Ohio.
US takes first steps to shut down spyware peddler The Federal Trade Commission has taken the first step to crack down on the wave of spyware that is being installed on user #39;s machines without their knowledge.
Counsell Returns to the Diamondbacks (Reuters) Reuters - The Arizona Diamondbacks\have signed shortstop Craig Counsell, who has played for two\World Series championship teams.
Samsung Taps Philips For NFC Technology Looking to turn its mobile phones into an electronic wallet, Samsung has inked a deal to use Philips Electronics #39; Near Field Communication (NFC) contactless chip solutions in future devices.
National League Game Summary - Chicago at Pittsburgh Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - Carlos Zambrano tossed 7 1/3 shutout innings to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 1-0 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates in the middle contest of a three-game set at PNC Park.
Florida Top Court Focuses on Tobacco Class Action Florida Supreme Court judges on Wednesday questioned attorneys for smokers and cigarette companies on whether a case involving thousands of smokers can properly be tried as a class action.
Berlusconi Ally Gets 9-Year Prison Term for Links to Mafia An Italian court has sentenced a close political ally of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to nine years in prison for working with the mafia.
EDS, Microsoft blamed for crash Electronic Data Systems Corp. and Microsoft Corp. were blamed by the United Kingdom #39;s pension and benefits agency for a computer crash that snarled payments across Britain.
City prepared to sell 5million Anelka in the New Year Manchester City Football Club are prepared to sell Nicolas Anelka in the New Year transfer window. The controversial French striker was blasted by the City fans at the weekend following his comments he wants
Administration cuts job growth forecast The Bush administration, after being ridiculed by Democrats for an overly optimistic jobs forecast this year, yesterday significantly reduced its forecast for new jobs that will be created in 2005. It slightly boosted its estimate for overall economic growth.
EMusic to Launch Revamped Service (Reuters) Reuters - Online music company eMusic on\Tuesday said it was revamping its service to provide commentary\and reviews to complement its catalog of more than 500,000\tracks from independent labels.
Oracle bid has wiggle room Two days after a PeopleSoft Inc. board member suggested the company may be willing to sell to Oracle Corp. for the right price, an Oracle director said his firm #39;s offer to buy its Pleasanton rival for \$21 per share may not be final.
Abdication Secures Cambodian Peace -Sihanouk King Norodom Sihanouk said on Tuesday his decision to abdicate gave Cambodia a chance to choose a successor in his lifetime and thus avoid another bloodbath.
E-Voting Cos. Reveal Software to Feds (AP) AP - The nation's largest voting machine companies are submitting millions of lines of code to the National Software Reference Library to address sharp criticism from computer scientists about the secret software used in elections.
France Urges Caution in Oil-For-Food Case (AP) AP - France urged caution Thursday in dealing with a U.S. inspector's allegations it was involved in corruption at the U.N. oil-for-food program in Iraq, while others singled out in the report rejected the charges as "far-fetched."
Bribery Considered, Halliburton Notes Suggest An internal Halliburton Co. investigation has uncovered handwritten notes suggesting that former employees considered offering bribes to Nigerian officials a decade ago to secure work
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 CATHOLIC -- St. John's Prep at BC High, 7; Xaverian at Catholic Memorial, 7.
Falcons sign Crumpler to contract extension Flowery Branch, GA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Falcons Monday signed Pro Bowl tight end Alge Crumpler to a six-year contract extension.
At least 30 killed in blasts at Egyptian resorts frequented by Israelis (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - An explosion tore through an Egyptian resort hotel Thursday night where Israelis were vacationing at the end of a Jewish holiday, killing at least 30 people and wounding more than 100, officials said.
Egypt arrests five over Sinai bombings CAIRO (AFP) - Egypt announced it had arrested five of the nine men who bombed Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago, saying the attackers used stolen cars packed with old war-time explosives and a washing-machine timer.
Snow to Remain as U.S. Treasury Secretary  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Wednesday asked  Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow  agreed, ending a frenzy of speculation that the former railroad  executive and loyal Bush foot soldier was about to be replaced.
Microsoft Readies Media Center Updates Updated OS, new consumer products expected to be introduced next month.
Pentagon Sets Steps to Retake Iraq Rebel Sites Pentagon planners and military commanders have identified areas in Iraq that must be brought under control before elections.
Badgers just happy to go  #39;one-and-oh #39; The cheers swept over Camp Randall Stadium with 8:13 remaining in the second quarter of Saturday #39;s game -- and the applause had absolutely nothing to do with Wisconsin #39;s growing lead over Minnesota.
Loeb clinches rally title FRANCE #39;s Sebastien Loeb became the new world rally champion today after finishing second behind Markko Martin in the Rally of Corsica.
CSA boss falls on sword over IT systems fiasco EDS: 'badly designed, badly developed, badly tested, badly implemented'
Startup no more, Netflix girds for DVD rental price war The future suddenly looks shaky for online DVD rental pioneer Netflix Inc. - a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Euro Disney Sees Capital Increase in Mid-Jan Euro Disney plans a life-saving 250 million euro (\$322 million) capital increase in mid-January if market conditions permit, said its finance
Chamberlain among 20 players cut by Broncos Tight ends Byron Chamberlain and Jed Weaver were among the 20 players cut by the Denver Broncos on Sunday. Heading into this season, Chamberlain and Weaver were considered the leading candidates to replace Shannon Sharpe, who retired in the offseason.
Chile #39;s Pinochet under house arrest London - Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet was on Monday placed under house arrest on human rights charges after a judge in Santiago ruled he was mentally fit to stand trial.
The Solaris on Itanium discussion stalls again &lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Intel needs attitude adjustment
Violence continues unabated in Iraq US warplanes bombarded Fallujah Wednesday as fighting continued intermittently in a Baghdad neighborhood between US forces and Shiite gunmen.
Indiana Fires DiNardo As Football Coach Gerry DiNardo was fired as Indiana #39;s football coach after a 3-8 season that ended with a 63-24 loss to Purdue, the Hoosiers #39; seventh defeat in eight years to their state rival.
Poverty grips more in nation WASHINGTON -- The number of poor Americans grew by 1.3 million last year, according to a sobering and politically sensitive Census Bureau report issued Thursday.
Hubble Telescope Captures Image of Sauron's Eye The Cat's Eye Nebula was the first planetary nebula ever to be discovered but its complex gas layers give knots and jets like the Lord of the Ring's famous floating eye of Sauron.    Astrobiology Magazine -- A new study of a large number of planetary nebulae has revealed that rings, such as those seen here around the Cat's Eye Nebula, are much more common that thought so far and have been found in at least one third of all planetary nebulae...
Brazil turn on style BRAZIL turned on the style here today to stay firmly on course for the 2006 World Cup finals. Ronaldo, Ronaldinho and Adriano found the net in the first-half, with only some inspired goalkeeping from Leonardo
AUTO RACING: I hope to help Busch Roush Racing driver Matt Kenseth, the defending NASCAR champion, will race Sunday in the Ford 400 at Homestead, Fla., the final event in the Nextel Cup series.
Payback Time For The Cock Of The Prairie Is the strutting sage grouse, iconic bird of the Western steppe, an endangered species? No doubt about it, say environmentalists, who petitioned for federal protection for the  quot;cock of the prairie, quot; as Lewis and Clark fondly dubbed it.
Caminiti Dies at 41 Ken Caminiti, the 1996 NL MVP who later admitted using steroids, died Sunday of a heart attack.
Tiger #39;s ranking on line THE tournament result is almost a sideshow as Tiger Woods and Vijay Singh slug it out for the world #39;s No.1 ranking in the final round of the \$US5million (\$7.
Small Business Optimism on Economic Growth Drops, Survey Shows Small businesses were less optimistic about US economic growth last month than in July, and fewer expected sales to increase in the coming months, according to a survey by the National Federation of Independent Business.
Afghanistan close to finishing vote count; Karzai in lead US-backed interim leader Hamid Karzai was nearing victory in Afghanistans presidential vote, election officials said, as the number of ballots counted passed the half way mark.
Linking Rivers, With Happy Results The Panama Canal linked more than the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans: it also connected rivers that had been separated by the Continental Divide.
Griffith gives Monarchs shot at crown Yolanda Griffith picked the perfect time for her best game of the season. Griffith scored a season-high 23 points, helping the Sacramento Monarchs defeat the Houston Comets 68-48 Saturday
Exporters Lead Nikkei Up, Trade Slow The Nikkei average was up 0.37 percent in mid-morning trade on Thursday as a recovery in the dollar helped auto makers among other exporters, but trade was slow as investors waited for important Japanese economic data.
Paper: Second Samsung 7G line to process larger substrates than &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Samsung Electronics may process 2,0002,300mm glass substrates at a second seventh-generation (7G) line in the beginning of 2006, according to the South Korea-based Electronic Times, Seoul.
Ageing Saab aircraft replaced by Dash-8s Seventeen De Havilland Dash-8 Q300 turbo-prop aircraft will take over from the Saab 340A planes which currently form the backbone of the airline #39;s provincial network.
Dodgers say Bradley won #39;t be disciplined Los Angeles outfielder Milton Bradley won #39;t be discplined by the Dodgers for a clubhouse confrontation with a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
Afghan vote: Karzai  #39;clear winner #39; KABUL, Afghanistan -- With the counting effectively  quot;over and done, quot; incumbent Hamid Karzai is the clear winner in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election, a senior official has said.
Single mother remarks incense civil libertarians A controversial Italian politician has created a furore by making remarks critical of single mothers. Rocco Buttiglione, who has been proposed as the European Union #39;s new Justice Commissioner, has been quoted
Drug 'could boost malaria fight' Scientists develop a synthetic version of a herb-based drug to treat malaria.
Tamada steals pole position for home GP Motorsport.com. Makoto Tamada will start tomorrow #39;s Japanese GP at Motegi in pole position. The Japanese Honda rider stole pole position from fellow Bridgestone-shod rider, John Hopkins, in
Donald delight at call up Luke Donald has expressed his delight at being named as one of captain Bernhard Langer #39;s wildcards for the European Ryder Cup team.
High Hog Prices Boost Smithfield Foods  CHICAGO  (Reuters) - Smithfield Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SFD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. pork producer, on Tuesday reported quarterly  earnings jumped 61 percent on high hog prices, strong pork  exports and the acquisition of a pork processor.
AL Wrap: Matsui's Late Single Leads Yankees Past Indians  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hideki Matsui drove in the winning run  with a ninth-inning single to earn the rallying New York  Yankees a 5-4 victory over the host Cleveland Indians in the  American League Tuesday.
Bacteria Give Coral Its Orange Glow, Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - The soft orange glow of a common\Caribbean coral comes not from the coral itself but from\bacteria that live inside it, U.S. scientists said on Thursday.
Yankees lock up AL East with 100th win The road to 100 wins is one the Yankees have traveled before. Yet this years trip to triple-digits -- their third in as many years -- was down
A plea for new thinking The Nobel Peace Prize winner links the pursuit of peace with environmentalism and a shift in humanity #39;s thinking. BY DOUG MELLGREN.
Securing the gold in Athens Despite age-old Olympic truce known as the ekecheiria, or "holding of hands," security experts aren't taking any chances.\
O'Reilly Says He's Ready to Fight Charges NEW YORK - Fox News Channel's Bill O'Reilly made a TV talk show appearance on what he said was "the worst day of my life" Thursday, vowing to fight sexual harassment charges by one of his producers.    Accuser Andrea Mackris spoke publicly for the first time, saying she felt threatened by her former boss, who filed a lawsuit charging the woman and her lawyer with extortion...
AT amp;T Wireless continues slide AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. of Redmond, poised to close by year-end on its agreement to be bought by Cingular Wireless, posted year-over-year declines Tuesday in virtually all measures for its third quarter ended Sept.
For Wildlife With Wanderlust, Their Own Highway A corridor of the wild through the high country of North America - Yellowstone to Yukon - is becoming a reality.
Colts carry hot streak into Detroit The Indianapolis Colts have been on the fast track since October gave way to November. Thursday in Detroit #39;s Ford Field, they #39;ll share the traditional Thanksgiving Day
Call for global action on spam More international co-operation is needed if spam is to be stopped, a conference is told.
Home Depot Sees 2Q Profit Jump The Home Depot Inc. reported a nearly 19 percent jump in second-quarter profit on record sales as it benefited from strong performance in stores open at least a year. It also raised its earnings outlook for the year.
Oil Holds Near \$55 on Winter Fuel Anxiety  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held strong on Friday not far  below the \$55-a-barrel mark as traders worried time is running  out to top up low heating oil inventories before winter.
Music industry sues Net song-swappers The piracy-battered music industry will for the first time sue British, French and Austrian music fans, including a French school teacher
China's new wealth clashes with party-boss influence Quiet efforts are afoot in the southern city of Shenzhen to thwart corruption by professionalizing the civil service.
McGrath strike puts Australia on top (Reuters) Reuters - Glenn McGrath celebrated his 100th test by dismissing Virender Sehwag as India were reduced to 35 for two in reply to Australia's first innings 398 on the second day of the third test on Wednesday.
OECD 2005 forecasts bleak as oil rises and US deficit widens The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) predicts global economic growth to be at 3.6 in 2004. The OECD lowered its forecast in the wake of a rise in oil prices and drop in consumer confidence.
INTERVIEW: HP Tries Built-To-Order PCs (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. computer company Hewlett-Packard\said on Wednesday it was expanding a built-to-order system for\personal computers and other high volume computer products,\similar to rival Dell.
Kidney drug approval gives Shire some breathing space THE 64,000 dollar - correction, make that 500 million dollar -uestion hanging over Shire Pharmaceuticals is whether the 5 per cent jump in the companys shares yesterday reflects relief that US regulators have finally approved its drug for
U.S. Rebukes Saudis Over Religious Rights  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Wednesday  accused Saudi Arabia of severe violations of religious freedom  in a rare official rebuke of a close ally and key oil supplier  that potentially could lead to sanctions.
Greenspan: Economy Regaining Traction  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy has escaped a  recent soft patch and seems to be picking up steam, Federal  Reserve chief Alan Greenspan said on Wednesday in remarks  economists saw as cementing a September rate rise.
Qualifying: Barrichello maintains the momentum Ferraris Brazilian driver delighted his supporters with a pole position at his home race. At Renault, things seem low-key but the team is optimistic.
Another American beheaded BAGHDAD, Sept. 22. - Iraqi officials recovered a decapitated corpse in western Baghdad today and turned it over to US officials, who were investigating if it was the body of Jack Hensley -he second American
Tournament doctor thinks Clijsters #39; injury could threaten career Former No. 1 Kim Clijsters #39; latest left wrist problem is a new injury that is expected to end her season but probably won #39;t require surgery.
On latest players, choice is unlimited The menu at Flash's, a saloon on Boston's Stuart Street, offers many choices. The jukebox offers even more.
Thatcher waits to hear coup questions SIR Mark Thatcher was today waiting to find out when he will be questioned over his alleged involvement in an attempted coup in Equatorial Guinea.
Microsoft, PalmOne ink deal for mobile email services NEW YORK, October 5 (newratings.com) - Microsoft Corporation (MSFT.NAS) and PalmOne Inc have announced a new licensing deal to enable mobile email services on PalmOne #39;s Treo smart phones.
CA upgrades BrightStor line with gusto Computer Associates is not messing around with its storage management software line. The company this month will upgrade all 13 versions of the BrightStor family, release a new product aimed at automating
Stehle leading Crimson in rebounds and steals Former Newton South High School basketball and golf captain Matt Stehle is now a junior at Harvard University, where the 6-foot-8-inch forward was leading the men's basketball team in rebounding and steals and was second in scoring through six games.
Three Beheaded Bodies Found North of Baghdad The decapitated bodies of three men, their heads strapped to their backs and the corpses put in nylon bags, were found dumped by a roadside north of Baghdad Wednesday, Iraqi police and US officials said.
Patriots see no patsies Bill Belichick has been able to motivate the Patriots to rise to the elite level of the NFL, so his ability to  quot;sell quot; his team's next foe, the Arizona Cardinals, shouldn't be a surprise.
ABC encores  #39;Desperate Housewives #39; NEW YORK  Just when it seemed that reality television was set to take over the dial, scripted shows have come roaring back - at least for now.
Tiger ready for  #39;fun week #39; after return He actually considered floating away into retirement with his new bride aboard his yacht Privacy, never to be seen on a golf course again.
ebay Fun and Holy Toast! The Internet megasite eBay yelled  #39;hold the cheese #39; when they found a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich that its owner says bears the image of the Virgin Mary being auctioned off on its website.
SEC Charges Raymond James with Fraud  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators on  Thursday charged brokerage Raymond James Financial Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RJF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RJF.N&lt;/A&gt;  with fraud over misconduct by a former broker charged with  misappropriating about \$8.7 million in investor funds.
Bush Administration Cracks Down on Internet-Related Crimes The government calls it  quot;Operation Web Snare quot;, catching criminals who do business online. They #39;ve been working since June and today announced dozens of arrests for crimes that cost victims millions of dollars.
Fair Play Once a cult among geeks, it has now sold 32 million copies and provoked global debates on violence, but has Grand Theft Auto elevated video games to art?
NL Wrap: Rueter Sharp as Giants Stay in Race  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kirk Rueter allowed just three hits  over seven innings and J.T. Snow homered as the San Francisco  Giants scored a crucial 4-2 win over Los Angeles in National  League play at Dodger Stadium Friday.
Smaller, Cuter Isn #39;t Always Better NEW YORK - Now that digital music players have evolved beyond the ability to store 20 gigabytes worth of music, storage capacity memory is no longer the only factor to consider before buying.
Infineon to admit DRAM price fixing update Infineon Technologies will plead guilty to taking part in an international DRAM price-fixing conspiracy, which affected such companies as Dell, Hewlett-Packard and Apple, the US Department of Justice announced Wednesday.
Compuware Calls for IBM Oust Lawyers for software vendor Compuware (Quote, Chart) filed a motion with a US District Court in Michigan asking a federal judge to impose sanctions against IBM for producing source code two years too late.
Smithfield quarterly profits beat outlook SMITHFIELD, Va. Meat processor Smithfield Foods says its income more than doubled in the most recent quarter. The company cites improved profitability in the hog production segment, combined with strong results
Home, Probably, for the Holidays As millions around the country headed into a busy weekend for air travel, overcast skies and snow flurries complicated the traditional Thanksgiving airport rush.
Hollywood Story wins Bayakoa Handicap George Krikorian shows pictures at his eponymous movie theaters, but for the longest time, neither his best runner, Hollywood Story, nor his trainer, John Shirreffs, got their picture taken.
US vice president deems Kerry's approach to fight against terror 'nuts' (AFP) AFP - US Vice President Dick Cheney in an interview dismissed John Kerry's approach to safeguarding US national security as  quot;nuts, quot; adding that the Democratic presidential candidate would leave the United States less secure were he to win the White House.
Naples police in huge mafia swoop Hundreds of carabinieri police are taking part in an operation to crush a wave of mafia killings in Naples.
British American Tobacco Sees Profit Rise LONDON - British American Tobacco PLC posted a 60 percent jump in third quarter net profit Tuesday, thanks partly to lower taxation charges.
Differences on Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus minor hiccup: Tarigami New Delhi, Dec. 8 (PTI): Terming the differences between India and Pakistan regarding the proposed Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus service a  quot;minor hiccup quot;, CPI(M) leader from Jammu and Kashmir Yusuf Tarigami, said he was hopeful of the bus link starting soon.
New Media Center OS Unveiled Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 supports DVD burning, HDTV, and improved support for mobile devices.
Microsoft Issues Special Patch for IE Hole Users should install the critical fix as soon as possible, software giant says.
Navy Delays Presidential Helicopter Deal (AP) AP - The Navy has put off until at least January a decision on the contract to replace the aging Marine One presidential helicopter fleet, giving both prospective contractors more time to lobby for the prized job.
NFL Game Summary - Baltimore at Cleveland Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - Jeff Garcia completed 15-of-24 passes for 180 yards, including a 46-yard touchdown pass to Quincy Morgan, leading Cleveland over Baltimore, 20-3, in the season-opener for both teams at Cleveland Browns Stadium.
Ricky's world Ricky Davis wants a do-over. With his Cleveland Cavaliers near the end of a 17-win season and enjoying a rare blowout victory over visiting Utah on March 16, 2003, Davis did the unthinkable for basketball purists. He deliberately missed a shot at his own basket to pad his rebounding statistics in an attempt to record his  #64257; rst career triple-double.
UPDATE 1-Late Polish fighback earns 3-2 win in Wales Wales failed to give departing manager Mark Hughes the send-off he wanted as Poland performed a smash and grab act to win 3-2 at the Millennium Stadium in their World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Introducing the BOFH-brand internet caf #233; &lt;strong&gt;Episode 29&lt;/strong&gt; Or should that be 'Technology Centre'?
EMC Makes SMB, Channel, Macintosh Play With Dantz Acquisition EMC scored a triple-play with the acquisition of Dantz Development, a small developer of data backup and restore software under the Retrospect brand.
Arsenal still trail in shirt value Arsenal, who are taking on debts of 360 million to build a stadium that will help them match Manchester United, will be still be earning less than United from shirt sponsorship
Insurers Begin Tallying Charley Losses (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. insurers on Monday predicted that\Hurricane Charley could be the most costly U.S. storm since\Andrew in 1992, with Florida officials initially estimating\economic losses at  #36;15 billion.
PINOCHET QUESTIONED An investigative judge has questioned former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet for half an hour to decide whether to indict him in one of hundreds of human rights cases stemming from his 1973-1990 rule.
Oil Eases on Nigeria Peace Pact (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices eased on Monday after rebels\in Nigeria withdrew a threat to target oil operations, but\lingering concerns over stretched supplies ahead of winter kept\prices close to  #36;50.
Deutsche Telekom stake may be sold for 4.45 billion Stake in Deutsche Telekom AG may be sold by Germany for 4.45 billion (\$5.5 billion) as EU faces finance deficits and seeks for the ways to resolve the problem.
UPDATE 1-BAR win contract tug-of-war over Button Briton Jenson Button will drive for BAR next year but is likely to join Williams in 2006 after Formula One #39;s Contract Recognition Board (CRB) ended a tug-of-war between the teams on Wednesday.
Consumer Prices Up in Nov. As Gas Calms Consumer prices calmed down in November, helped by smaller increases in energy and food. That means the Federal Reserve probably will continue raising interest rates only gradually to keep inflation under control.
MLB: Anaheim Angels #39; Guerrero Wins MVP Award Major League Baseball #39;s Vladimir Guerrero of the Anaheim Angels has wrapped up his inaugural season in the American League by winning the Most Valuable Player Award.
Taking care of business They don #39;t call it the Grand National Drunk for nothing. Temptations abound during Grey Cup Week and it #39;s easy for players on both sides to get caught up in all the hoopla.
Genetic Material May Help Make Nano-Devices: Study (Reuters) Reuters - The genetic building blocks that\form the basis for life may also be used to build the tiny\machines of nanotechnology, U.S. researchers said on Thursday.
Firefox Threatens IE in the Browser Market Firefox Threatens IE in the Browser Market\\Mozilla is starting to pose a threat to Microsoft's Internet Explorer after years of being the darling of a strange mix of AOL enthusiasts and techies. This week Mozilla released the preview of FireFox 1.0, and with more web surfers becoming browser savvy, a ...
Iraqi Unrest May Delay Elections, Officials Warn (Update2) Elections in Iraq scheduled to take place by Jan. 31 may be postponed because of continued widespread violence or a coordinated boycott by Sunni Muslims, US and Iraqi officials said.
Cubs Broadcaster Steve Stone Steps Down (AP) AP - Longtime Chicago Cubs analyst Steve Stone announced Thursday he was leaving WGN-TV, less than one month after coming under fire for on-air comments he made criticizing the team.
Putin accuses  #39;complicit #39; West of harbouring Chechen terrorists THE Russian president, Vladimir Putin, yesterday accused the West of harbouring Chechen terrorists, speaking hours after rebel leader Shamil Basayev claimed responsibility for the Beslan school massacre.
McDonald #39;s raises earnings outlook OAK BROOK, Ill. - Fast food giant McDonalds says earnings this quarter will be better than forecast, thanks to rising sales and a lower tax bill.
Militant group threatens to avenge Indian bandit Veerappans &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW DELHI - A little-known militant group threatened to avenge the killing of Indias most dreaded bandit with a series of bomb blasts in southern India, New Delhi Television said Saturday.
Web page to help with installation of WIndows anti-hacker security patch Information Technology Systems and Services (ITSS) has created a Web page that will walk Microsoft Windows XP users on campus through a major update being released worldwide this month to make the operating system less vulnerable to computer hackers and ...
Syria on offensive as Israel threatens to avenge bombings Israel #39;s threats against Syria after the Beersheba suicide bombings would  quot;exacerbate the deteriorating situation in the region, quot; the Syrian foreign minister said yesterday.
Oil Won't Derail U.S. Expansion -Bernanke (Reuters) Reuters - Rising oil prices will weigh on U.S.\economic growth but the increases seen so far will not derail\the expansion, Federal Reserve Board Governor Ben Bernanke said\on Monday.
On-time performance soars at O #39;Hare in September Airlines at O #39;Hare Airport in September ranked fourth in on-time arrivals and 10th in on-time departures nationwide, according to federal figures released Thursday.
Consumer Inflation in China Is Up, but the Pace Slowed Consumer prices in China unexpectedly rose more slowly in October than in any month since April, as a bountiful harvest led to less-rapid increases in food prices.
Lehman and Geiberger Share Lead at Greensboro Classic  GREENSBORO, North Carolina, Oct 16 (Reuters) - British Open  winner Tom Lehman and Brent Geiberger shared the lead after the  third round of the Greensboro Classic Saturday.
Hu Becomes China #39;s New Military Leader BEIJING Sept. 20, 2004 - President Hu Jintao #39;s new status as commander of China #39;s military should strengthen efforts to fight corruption and control a surging economy, forcing resistant lower-level officials
4 execs to plead guilty Four executives at Infineon Technologies AG, one of the world #39;s largest makers of memory chips, have agreed to plead guilty to criminal charges of price fixing in federal court, authorities said Thursday.
Leaders Sign European Union's First Constitution The treaty was the result of 28 months of sometimes acrimonious debate, and now faces ratification in national parliaments.
Armitage: Osama will be caught ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage says Osama bin Laden will be caught  quot;sooner or later. quot;. Armitage is in Pakistan -- a key ally in the US-led war on terror.
Commissioner would accept government help Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig says he would accept government help if the players union doesn #39;t accept rules changes.
New Windows OS Boosts Security After years of trying to make it easier for peripheral devices to work smoothly with computers, Microsoft is building in some difficulty. The upcoming Longhorn OS should allow companies to keep gizmos like iPod from stealing data.
Bush author says White House applying pressure over book (AFP) AFP - Writer Kitty Kelley has accused the White House of putting pressure on her and the US media over the new biography on the family of President George W. Bush
Motorola, DoCoMo teaming up to develop new phones Motorola, No. 2 maker of mobile telephones, and NTT DoCoMo, the world #39;s second-largest wireless carrier, will jointly develop handsets to attract business customers in Japan.
Aid group warns of jobs catastrophe with end of textiles quota system (AFP) AFP - Millions of desperately poor workers, particularly women, will lose their jobs next year following the lifting of a global system of textile and clothing tariffs, a leading aid agency warned.
Cabrera's Homer Leads Red Sox Past Orioles Orlando Cabrera flung off his helmet, stepped on home plate and was mobbed by his teammates after leading the Boston Red Sox to another dramatic victory.    The celebration capped a tiring 24 hours for Cabrera, who flew all night from Colombia to Boston after leaving the team for two days to be with his ailing wife...
Arsenal eye six-point start in Europe Arsenal take their Champions League hopes to Norway on Wednesday, looking for another three points from Rosenborg Trondheim that would put them firmly on track to reach the knockout phase.
UPS to Hire 70,000 Workers for Holidays (Reuters) Reuters - United Parcel Service Inc. ,\the world's largest package delivery company, said on Tuesday\it plans to hire nearly 70,000 temporary workers to help handle\an estimated 340 million packages from Thanksgiving to\Christmas, exceeding year-ago forecasts.
LA Firm agrees to buy Harrah #39;s, Caesars properties An affiliate of Colony Capital has agreed to buy four properties from Caesars Entertainment Inc. and Harrah #39;s Entertainment Inc.
Eagles' Westbrook Could Miss Some Time (Reuters) Reuters - Eagles running back Brian\Westbrook could miss some time with a broken rib, a\Philadelphia television station reported Tuesday night.
Antibiotic hope for Parkinson's \An antibiotic used to treat leprosy and tuberculosis is showing promise as a therapy for Parkinson's disease.
Consummate Bruin Bourque is enshrined among NHL #39;s finest For 22 years, Ray Bourque had been preparing for last night. As he played each game of his National Hockey League career, he wasn #39;t cognizant
Fish and Wildlife Service delays panther protection plan The US Fish and Wildlife Service has delayed the adoption of a plan designed to protect Florida panthers from encroaching development.
Salvation Army seeks volunteers The sounds of the holiday season are a joyous cacophony of loving banter, caroling and children #39;s laughter. Thanks to the classic film  quot;It #39;s a Wonderful Life, quot; everyone knows that every time a bell rings, an angel gets its wings.
Jahnke takes a medal to Skate Canada Less than a week after winning his first international figure skating medal, Ryan Jahnke of Grosse Pointe Farms will compete at Skate Canada beginning tonight in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Strike May Be Last Chance to Save Japanese Baseball  TOKYO (Reuters) - The story leads the TV news, and everyone  from schoolchildren to the prime minister is talking about it.
Berkshire Hathaway Profit Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BRKa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BRKa.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  wide-ranging conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren  Buffett, posted sharply lower quarterly profit on Friday as its  reinsurance operations paid out large claims from Florida's  hurricanes in August and September.
Soyuz Capsule Lands on Kazakhstan Steppe A Russian-US crew returned to Earth from the international space station Sunday in a pinpoint landing on the Kazakhstan steppe, and NASA #39;s chief said the United States
Pre-Inca Ruins Emerging From Peru's Cloud Forests In the Andes mountains, forests cloak the ruins of a pre-Inca civilization, the size and scope of which archaeologists are only now beginning to understand.
UK retail sales growth rebounds British retail sales rose more than expected in October and at their sharpest pace in three months. The Confederation of British Industry said 37 of firms in its monthly distributive trades survey saw sales
Kathmandu back in business after Maoist rebels lift blockade KATHMANDU - Food and supplies are rolling into Kathmandu again after Maoist rebels lift a week-long blockade that demonstrated their growing power in the impoverished Himalayan kingdom.
A Middle East Opening With a hard-fought election behind us, the United States is now free to refocus its energies on the myriad problems that have a direct impact on its security and destiny.
Survey: State leads in use of generics Massachusetts leads the nation in the use of generic drugs, with 51 percent of its prescriptions written for the cheaper, non-brand medications, according to a survey.
XM Satellite in \$650 Million Baseball Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - XM Satellite Radio &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XMSR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XMSR.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it signed a \$650 million deal to broadcast Major  League Baseball games for 11 years, countering a rival's moves  to sign up high-profile programing that will lure listeners to  the new medium.
Rebels Launch New Attacks in India's Northeast  GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - Suspected separatist rebels set  off a string of fresh bomb blasts in northeastern India on  Sunday, bringing the death toll in a weekend of violence to 56.
US trade deficit widens to \$54 billion on oil spike WASHINGTON The United States announced Thursday that its trade gap widened in August to \$54 billion, the second-largest ever, reflecting record spending on imported oil and a decline in goods exports that may presage a slowdown in manufacturing.
In IMF talks, US shifts toward debt-forgiveness pact WASHINGTON With public pledges and in private conversations, Britain managed over the weekend to move the United States closer to full forgiveness of the debts of the poorest countries during the annual meetings of the World Bank and the International
India welcomes junta head for trade discussions India pitched for better business ties with Myanmar as it rolled out the red carpet on Monday for Senior General Than Shwe on the first visit by a head of the pariah state in nearly a quarter-century.
Activists Worry Election Reform May Wane (AP) AP - Sure, there were hours-long lines, temperamental electronic machines and some old-fashioned misplaced ballots, but America's democracy worked well enough on Nov. 2 to elect a president.
U.S. Stocks End Higher After Oracle Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rallied on Monday after  software maker PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; accepted a sweetened  \$10.3 billion buyout by rival Oracle Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; and other  big deals raised expectations of more takeovers.
Caesars Profit Rises, But Outlook Lags (Reuters) Reuters - Caesars Entertainment Inc.\on Thursday posted a rise in third-quarter profit as Las Vegas\hotels filled up and Atlantic City properties squeaked out a\profit that was unexpected by the company.
Final flag falls at speedway By the time Dan Wheldon took the checkered flag Sunday at the Firestone Indy 225, thousands in the crowd had already begun marching toward the exits.
HP rolls out ultra-low-priced PC in China Hewlett-Packard, the world #39;s No. 2 PC maker, said Friday it has launched a \$483 (3,999 yuan) computer in China, turning up the heat in the intensely competitive market.
Sony to Open More Stores, Worrying Others (AP) AP - Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles. As it turns out, the small store would represent a big change in how Sony sells its televisions, DVD players and other gear.
Hamm #39;s comeback America #39;s Olympic moment Because rarely is a rally so improbable, even the man who pulled it off didn #39;t believe he could. On the same day he crash-landed on the vault and dropped to 12th place, Hamm nailed his final two routines Wednesday evening to claim ...
Saga in 1.35bn management buyout Holidays-to-insurance company Saga has been sold in a 1.35bn (\$2.43bn) management buyout deal backed by private equity firm Charterhouse.
Karzai #39;s amnesty offer to Taliban All facts,challenges and problems considered, and there are many (from the security issue to the mobilization of a brand new free nations with very little if at all infrastructure and functioning civil society to ethnic, economical and political factor
Sauber signs Villeneuve Jacques Villeneuves determination to return to racing has secured him a place in the 2005 paddock. The 33-year old Canadian has signed a two-year contract with Sauber, which will come into effect on the 1st of November 2004.
US economy buffeted by record high oil prices High oil prices, which have een a factor in virtually all US recessions over the past three decades, are surging again this year. And the higher crude oil prices climb, the more risk energy
Fringe Parties See Gains in German Vote (AP) AP - Voters in two east German states angry over high unemployment and cuts in social programs handed a rebuke Sunday to Germany's two biggest parties, giving big gains to far right and former Communist groups, projections showed.
Gibernau wins Qatar MotoGP after Rossi controversy Spaniard Sete Gibernau won a controversial inaugural Qatar MotoGP on Saturday which began with multiple world champions Valentino Rossi and Max Biaggi being relegated to the back of the grid.
Israel turns up heat on prisoners Israel launches psychological war against hundreds of Palestinian inmates on hunger strike for better conditions.
Spurs past Sixers 88-80 The San Antonio Spurs snatched their fifth straight victory in an away game against the Philadelphia 76ers. Tim Duncan led the Spurs with a season-high 34 points and 13 rebounds, China Radio International reported Friday.
Iran Defies Demand of Nuke Watchdog Agency VIENNA, Austria - Defying a key demand set by 35 nations, Iran announced Tuesday it has started converting raw uranium into the gas needed for enrichment, a process that can be used to make nuclear weapons.    Iran's president, Mohammad Khatami, vowed his country will press ahead with its nuclear program - which he insisted is peaceful - even if it means a rupture with the U.N...
NASA Chief Said to Be Top Contender for L.S.U. Job Sean O'Keefe has sought and become the top contender for a high-level job at Louisiana State University, according to NASA and university officials.
Olympics: Cut It Out, Give It Back, Cool the Hype  ATHENS (Reuters) - Calls of "cut it out" and "give it back"  competed with a hot United States-vs.-China medals race  Thursday as the 28th Olympiad in Athens went into its final  days with some 80 medals still to be won.
Jets are 5-0, too, but Patriots are team to beat The Patriots and Jets appear to be taking different approaches into today #39;s game, and that might help explain the difference between these two 5-0 teams.
Wife of soldier sentenced in prison abuse scandal speaks out BALTIMORE - The wife of an Army reservist sentenced to prison for abusing prisoners in Iraq said she knows her husband was wrong, but she also blames higher-ranking officials who  quot;sit behind the curtains quot; for the abuse.
Cavs Edge Grizzlies LeBron James has a stellar all-around game with 31 points, eight assists and seven steals to lead Cleveland over Memphis, 92-86.
Toyota to make Prius hybrid cars in China Japan #39;s largest automaker Toyota Motor Corp. said Wednesday it has reached an agreement with China FAW Group Corp. to jointly produce Toyota #39;s Prius hybrid-engine cars in China by the end of 2005.
JAPAN: Toyota to build Chinese Camry plant with Guangzhou &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Toyota Motor and Chinese partner Guangzhou Automobile reportedly will invest 3.8 billion yuan (\$US459 million) to build a new plant in China, with an annual production capacity of 100,000 vehicles.
Spammers embrace email authentication Spammers have adopted a new standard for email authentication much faster than legitimate emailers, according to a study from security appliance firm CipherTrust published this week.
Mavericks Edge Bulls 94-93 (AP) AP - Michael Finley capped his 27-point night with a 17-foot jumper with 3.2 seconds left to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 94-93 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Monday night.
Did Mars once host life? NASA says a false-color image taken by its Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity shows a rock dubbed  quot;Escher quot; whose fractures, which divide the surface into polygons, may have been formed when water left over from the rock #39;s formation dried up.
Gold Fields Shareholders Reject a Merger Shareholders of the South African mining company Gold Fields rejected a bid to merge with Iamgold of Toronto Tuesday, a development that shifted investors #39; focus back to Harmony Gold Mining #39;s hostile bid for Gold Fields.
Australian boosts bomb manhunt  Australia pledges US\$3.5m to help police catch those behind the bombing of its embassy in Indonesia.
Little Progress on Sept. 11 Legislation (AP) AP - House and Senate negotiators refused to give ground Wednesday toward a compromise on putting in place the Sept. 11 commission's terror-fighting recommendations. The White House and victims' families appealed for a deal.
Northwest wins Washington airport slots Flying to Washington will become easier for Iowa travelers in March when Northwest Airlines begins daily flights. Airline officials said Monday they won a federal lottery that gave them
Bhopal survivors still short on medical treatment and compo The failure of the Indian Government and an American corporation to tackle the after-effects of one of the worst industrial accidents in history has left a legacy of continuing pollution
Reporter Smuggles Fake Bomb Into British Parliament  LONDON (Reuters) - An undercover reporter smuggled fake  bomb-making equipment into the British parliament, a day after  fox hunting protesters made a mockery of security by bursting  onto the floor of the debating chamber.
Final Preseason Game Important for McMahon (AP) AP - Don't tell Mike McMahon the NFL's final exhibitions are meaningless.
At Least 7 Dead in Russia School Siege (AP) AP - At least seven people were killed and 310 others wounded Friday, reports said, after commandos stormed a school in southern Russia where hundreds had been held hostage for three days by Chechen rebels strapped with explosives.
Peru Names Official to Clear Up Guzman Trial Mess &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jude Webber&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peru on Monday appointed a top legalofficial to bolster the government's side in terrorism casesafter Shining Path leader Abimael Guzman made a mockery of aretrial last week in a publicity coup for the Marxist group.&lt;/p&gt;
Relievers Are Lucky the Yankees Didn't Need This Game Determined to give his best setup man, Tom Gordon, the night off, Manager Joe Torre watched as the Yankees disintegrated in the eighth inning Saturday.
Israel's Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting War (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\accused far-rightists on Sunday of trying to incite civil war\over his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and\called for measures to curb such groups.
Greens leader astounded at content of debate Australian Greens leader Bob Brown says he is astounded issues like the environment and rural and regional Australia did not rate a mention in last night #39;s debate between the Prime Minister and the Opposition leader.
Simmons #39; season in jeopardy Latrobe, PA (Sports Network) - Pittsburgh Steelers starting guard Kendall Simmons is expected to miss the entire 2004 season after apparently suffering a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee.
76ers Score Record-Low 6 Points in Quarter (AP) AP - The Philadelphia 76ers set a dubious team record Thursday night by scoring just 6 points in the first quarter against the San Antonio Spurs.
Cassini Probes Saturn #39;s Moon The Cassini spacecraft has begun to beam close-up images of Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan to Earth. Cassini reached the point of closest approach, about 2,000 kilometres, Tuesday morning and transmitted to NASA #39;s deep-space network antenna in Madrid, Spain.
Musharraf Poised to Keep Military Post Despite Earlier Promise Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has indicated he is reconsidering a promise to relinquish his second post as military chief later this year.
France Won't Publish Arafat Medical Records (AP) AP - France's foreign minister indicated Tuesday that his country has no intention of publishing Yasser Arafat's medical records and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family.
Rising star His hair is Manny-style, and his bedroom here is a shrine to the Red Sox left fielder, who gave him bats, spikes, a No. 24 wristband, and hugs.
EBay Merchants Trust Their Eyes, and the Bubble Wrap An estimated half-million people make a full- or part-time living by auctioning everything from macram to Maseratis on the Internet.
Door open for Hardie boss JAMES Hardie #39;s two most senior executives have agreed to stand aside after damning findings by a special inquiry into its asbestos liabilities, but chief executive Peter Macdonald
After Merger, Gradual Changes (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Cell phone shoppers looking for new deals and features didn't find them yesterday, a day after Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. announced a merger that the phone companies promised would shake up the wireless business.
Google launches Froogle in the UK US internet giant Google launches its shopping price comparison website Froogle in the UK.
Dell touts in-home services Dell offers to install its PCs, televisions and networks, and provide extra phone support for stopping viruses and spyware.
Players #39; offer likely to be rejected Bob Goodenow, executive director of the NHL Players Association, created a lot of suspense when he submitted a dramatic contract proposal to the league last week.
Update 1: Argentina Files Repayment Plan With SEC Argentina announced it had filed a proposal Monday before the US Securities and Exchange Commission to restructure US\$81.8 billion (euro64 billion) in defaulted public debt.
Vikings #39; Moss Doubtful for Sunday #39;s Game Minnesota Vikings receiver Randy Moss stands on the sidelines with coach Mike Tice, right, in the second quarter of their game against the Green Bay Packers Sunday, Nov. 14, 2004, in Green Bay, Wis.
ENGLAND STARS SET FOR REAL STRUGGLE DAVID BECKHAM and Michael Owen could miss Real Madrid #39;s Champions League clash with Roma tonight as their Bernabeu nightmare goes from bad to worse.
NBC Times 'Seinfeld' Special with DVD Release (Reuters) Reuters - Jerry Seinfeld is returning to NBC,\along with TV pals Elaine, George and Kramer, for a special\Thanksgiving Day retrospective on the smash hit "show about\nothing," the network said on Thursday.
IMF chief asks oil producing nations to boost investment GENEVA: International Monetary Fund (IMF) managing director Rodrigo Rato on Friday called on oil-producing nations to boost investment in production facilities in response to ever rising oil prices.
Truex Can Relax, Go All-Out in Final Busch Race of Season Since he has nothing to lose, Martin Truex Jr. says, he can go all-out to win. Truex, 24, will finish his first season of Busch competition Saturday at Homestead in the final race of the year.
Israelis rejoice in golden Olympic moment GLYFADA, Greece - When the first notes of the national anthem of Israel pierced the night air, years of yearning came pouring out of Israelis at the Olympic Sailing Centre.
Pavano accepts Yankees #39; \$39 million ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Carl Pavano decided Saturday he wanted to pitch for the Yankees, and his agent and New York closed in on a four-year contract worth about \$39 million.
Bush Signs Internet Tax Moratorium (PC World) PC World - Action doesn't cancel existing taxes on Internet sales, however.
Barca #39;s Edmilson becomes next casualty Barcelona, Spain (Sports Network) - Barcelona #39;s Brazilian defender Edmilson will be out for six months after undergoing surgery Monday on his right knee.
Afghan leader starts a race by dismissing key governor KABUL -- President Hamid Karzai chose the third anniversary yesterday of the Sept. 11 attacks on the United States to launch his election manifesto and to effectively dismiss a powerful governor, hours after pledging to rein in regional clan leaders.
US TV special for tsunami relief A US celebrity TV special will benefit the tsunami relief effort in South Asia, as actors make donations.
EU Court Overturns Bar on Merger  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - The European Commission was wrong to  bar the takeover bid by U.S. telecoms firm WorldCom for rival  Sprint, a European Union court said on Tuesday, annulling the  action taken four years ago.
E-voting vendor is a bully A JUDGH HAS ruled that a manufacturer of electronic voting equipment knowingly misrepresented its claims when it sent threatening letters to the ISPs of students who had posted the company #39;s internal documents online.
Towns Celebrate and Hope Amir Can Strike Gold Amir Khans victory sparked scenes of celebration tonight in the two towns where the boxing sensation lives and trains. Family and friends in Bolton and Bury heaped praise on the
Giant Pandas in China Reserve Get Wi-Fi (AP) AP - Giant pandas may well prefer bamboo to laptops, but wireless technology is helping researchers in China in their efforts to protect the engandered animals living in the remote Wolong Nature Reserve.
U.S. government, companies warn of critical Oracle flaws US-CERT has issued an alert citing several security flaws in Oracle products that could be used to shut down or take control of vulnerable systems or to corrupt or steal data from Oracle databases.
Cup of Civility on Menu Once the Ryder Cup matches begin Friday at Oakland Hills Country Club, the ideals of sportsmanship and civility will be more difficult to achieve than they are to talk about.
Gunners misfire in Norway Arsenal could only manage a 1-1 draw away to Norwegian champions Rosenborg in the Champions League. While the Gunners have been unbeatable in the Premiership, they have struggled to make their mark in Europe and last night was another worrying evening.
MP3 Players At The Right Size And Price NEW YORK - It #39;s not lack of choice that is the problem when trying to choose a digital music player, it #39;s rather the opposite.
Israeli Soldier Is Killed as Palestinian Agent Sets Trap An Israeli soldier was killed and four were wounded today when a Palestinian double agent lured the troops into a booby-trapped chicken coop in Gaza City, the Hamas movement said.
Chelsea Routs Charlton in Premier League (AP) AP - Chelsea routed Charlton 4-0 on Saturday behind two goals by defender John Terry to open a five-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
Watchdog: TSA overpaying Boeing for airport security contract WASHINGTON An internal audit found the Transportation Security Administration overpaid Boeing on a contract to install explosive detection equipment at commercial airports.
Napster and Dwango Sign Deal for Mobile Ringtones The Napster Mobile service will launch in the US and Canada in 2005 and will utilize a special Napster interface. Users will be able to download ringtones and earn credits redeemable on Napster PC-based service at the same time.
Update 1: GE Unit to Buy Ionics for \$1.1 Billion A unit of the industrial, financial and media conglomerate General Electric Co. said Wednesday it will buy the water treatment company Ionics Inc.
SPORTS BRIEFS Top-seeded Andre Agassi beat Spain #39;s Fernando Verdasco 7-6 (4), 6-2 yesterday to reach the Stockholm Open semifinals for the first time.
AP: Group Discovers John the Baptist Cave KIBBUTZ TZUBA, Israel - Archaeologists said Monday they have found a cave where they believe John the Baptist anointed many of his disciples - a huge cistern with 28 steps leading to an underground pool of water.    During an exclusive tour of the cave by The Associated Press, archaeologists presented wall carvings they said tell the story of the fiery New Testament preacher, as well as a stone they believe was used for ceremonial foot washing...
Business hopes Bush will forgo tax reform By Andrew Balls, James Harding and Christopher Swann in Washington. US business has little appetite for fundamental tax reform, seeing deficit reduction and government entitlement programmes as priorities for President George W Bush #39;s second-term agenda.
Review: Robovacs No Match for Vacuum A new generation of robotic vacuums is ready to do battle with dirt, dust and dog hair with more cleaning power and cunning than their ancestors could muster. Faced with the usual obstacles - furniture, stairs, low-hanging bed skirts and stray socks - they intelligently and acrobatically extricate themselves from most tight spots and largely avoid getting stuck or sucking in what they shouldn't.
Google Co-Founders to Sell Company Shares Google Inc. co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin each plan to sell up to 7.2 million shares of their stock in the online search engine leader during the next 18 months
Microsoft probing reported flaws in Windows XP SP2 Microsoft Corp. Thursday said it is investigating claims that several new vulnerabilities have been found in Windows XP Service Pack 2 by security firm Finjan Software Inc. in San Jose, Calif. Finjan on Tuesday announced that it had found as many as 10 "serious" flaws in SP2.
Chinese Computer Maker Acquires IBM China #39;s biggest computer maker says it has acquired a majority stake in IBM #39;s personal computer business. The 1.75- billion-dollar deal is one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever.
Austin Wins Buick Championship in Playoff (AP) AP - Woody Austin made a 6-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat Tim Herron and win the Buick Championship on Sunday.
Injured Shoulder Forces Bowe to Back Out of Bout Riddick Bowe plans to return to the ring in January or February after a shoulder injury forced him to call off a fight this weekend.
How Geographic's New Atlas Reflects a Changed World Some 17,000 changes have been made since the previous edition of the &lt;I&gt;National Geographic Atlas of the World.&lt;/I&gt; Chief Cartographer Allen Carroll tells what's involved in tracking the changing world.
Stocks to Hold Up, But Anxiety Over Drugs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks should hold firm next week  with little economic data or corporate news on tap to move the  market going into the Christmas holiday, strategists said.
Indonesian leader appeals for hostages #39; release as captors make &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA: President Megawati Sukarnoputri has appealed for the release of two Indonesian women held hostage in Iraq as their captors demanded a militant Indonesian preacher be freed in return.
Garcia Marquez Has Last Laugh on Book Pirates &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alistair Bell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Latin American literary giantGabriel Garcia Marquez has unintentionally won the last laughon copyright pirates by changing the ending of his latest book,the Nobel laureate's first novel in 10 years.&lt;/p&gt;
Langer plays down Hayden walking row Justin Langer has defended his Australian opening batting partner Matthew Hayden #39;s decision not to walk after hitting a catch back to New Zealand bowler Paul Wiseman on day one of the second Test in Adelaide yesterday.
Oil Losses Ease on Iraq Pipeline Attack  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Friday, stemming five  days of heavy losses as fresh sabotage attacks on Iraqi oil  infrastructure renewed concern over the country's supplies,  despite a peace deal in Najaf
Canadian Stock-Index Quotes Halted Amid Power Failure (Update2) A power failure at a London facility of Reuters Group Plc prevented Standard  amp; Poor #39;s from providing quotes on Canada #39;s benchmark stock indexes, including the S amp;P/TSX Composite Index and the S amp;P/TSX 60 index, Reuters said.
EU, 6 Hollywood Studios Settle Antitrust  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Six Hollywood studios have settled  charges that they curtailed price competition in the sale of  films to pay-television channels in the European Union, the  European Commission announced on Tuesday.
CELL Prototype Announced By Sony, Toshiba, and IBM In two joint press releases, Sony Corporation, Sony Computer Entertainment Inc., Toshiba, and IBM, have today announced the creation of the prototype CELL processor, which is currently being developed in Austin Texas.
Mars consolidates advertising with Omnicom LONDON Mars, the candy and food company that owns brands like Milky Way and Starburst, said Thursday that it was consolidating much of its global advertising account with units of Omnicom Group, dealing a blow to Grey Global Group and its soon-to-be parent
Berlusconi says he won #39;t get convicted Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi says he is confident a court will not convict him on charges of bribing judges.  quot;I don #39;t think there will be a conviction, quot; he said at the presentation
Mello wins first ATP title Boca Ratons Vince Spadea became the latest victim of the top seed curse that has existed at the Delray Beach-based tournament since it began in 1993.
Braves Win NL East; Dodgers Top Giants (AP) AP - The Atlanta Braves celebrated another division title in style. Shawn Green powered Los Angeles past San Francisco in an NL West showdown. Roger Clemens helped the Houston Astros keep pace in the wild-card race with another vintage pitching performance.
Your guide to the Leonid meteor show Next week brings the return of the famous Leonid meteor shower, a meteor display that over the past several years has brought great anticipation and excitement to sky watchers around the world.
Cases examine alcohol shipments and ad campaign The US Supreme Court serves up a pair of tasty cases this week, one involving interstate sales of wine and the other exploring a government ad campaign for beef.
France and Germany Get Deficit Reprieve The European Commission froze its threat of fines against France and Germany on Tuesday, granting the two biggest economies in the euro zone an extra year to bring down their bloated budget deficits.
EU set to close fishing grounds The European Commission proposes closure of dangerously depleted cod grounds in the North Sea, Irish Sea and off the west of Scotland.
Collaboration platform extends to Web services Cordys, Inc. of Scotland, an integration and collaboration software vendor, announced today the availability of a new Web services platform.
Israel scales back Gaza offensive as Palestinians mark Ramadan JERUSALEM : Israel scaled back its vast operation in northern Gaza despite the deaths of four more Palestinians as tens of thousands of Muslims joined the first Friday prayers of Ramadan at Jerusalem #39;s Al Aqsa mosque.
Tom Lehman and Briny Baird tied for lead; Stephen Ames four &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (CP) - Tom Lehman and Briny Baird are tied for the lead, and Stephen Ames of Calgary is only four shots behind going into the final round of the Funai Classic golf tournament.
Blast at Bangladesh Opposition Meeting Kills 4  DHAKA (Reuters) - At least four people were killed when one  or more bombs exploded as former Bangladesh prime minister  Sheikh Hasina Wajed addressed a public meeting outside her  party headquarters on Saturday, police and witnesses said.
After two decades, Veerappan saga ends (update): India News: Chennai, Oct 19 : Tamil Nadu #39;s security forces were triumphant Tuesday after dramatically killing forest brigand Veerappan, ending a gory criminal saga as well as the country #39;s longest manhunt.
Congress ups H-1B visa cap by 20,000 In response to pressure from high-tech businesses and industry groups, Congress this weekend approved an increase in the number of H-1B visas by 20,000 but limited it to specially qualified students.
Allawi announces nationwide arms buyback scheme Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi gives a keynote speech on government policy and the challenges facing Iraq before its elections to members of the Iraqi National Assembly in Baghdad, October 18.
Titans close out season on a high NASHVILLE -- Billy Volek threw for 175 yards and a touchdown before being knocked out of the game in the fourth quarter, and the Tennessee Titans held on for a 24-19 victory over the Detroit Lions yesterday to snap a five-game skid.
Stick-up becomes unstuck at Aussie restaurant Sydney - Bemused diners watched as three hapless thieves unsuccessfully tried to kick open a sliding door in a botched attempt to rob an Australian seafood restaurant, police said on Monday.
Stern #39;s Move Is a Signal Event Though Howard Stern #39;s defection from broadcast to satellite radio is still 16 months off, the industry is already trying to figure out what will fill the crater in ad revenue and listenership that he is expected to leave behind.
Yearender: Mideast peace roadmap reaches dead-end in 2004 Looking back at the major events that took place in the Middle East in 2004, the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is undoubtedly a world-shaker.
Bank One Chief Economist to Step Down Bank One said Thursday that its chief economist is leaving the company, less than two months after it was purchased by JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co.
The Philadelphia Inquirer University of Pennsylvania researchers have figured out how to produce a continuous supply of sperm stem cells from mice, a technique that could one day be used to save endangered species or treat infertility in men.
Lowe's Net Income Up 18 Percent  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's second  largest home improvement retailer, on Monday reported an 18  percent increase in second-quarter net income and said earnings  for the rest of the year would top analysts' estimates.
Shanghai Race: Barrichello stars Using a three-stop strategy, Ferraris Brazilian number two won the Chinese Grand Prix while Fernando Alonso finished fourth.
Athens Games: Best of Greek Past, Present ATHENS, Greece - Little things meant a lot in Athens: a tear from Mia Hamm's eye, or a smile across Jennie Finch's mouth, was as good as gold. A pair of abandoned wrestling shoes, size 13, signaled goodbye for Rulon Gardner...
Shell sells Dutch pipeline stake The Dutch government is taking control of its country #39;s gas transport network in a deal that analysts said will boost competition in the Netherlands and ease the way for the creation of a single European gas market.
Pompey #39;s Yakubu Gets The Better Of Spurs Portsmouth deservedly beat Tottenham 1-0 at Fratton Park on Monday night as their forwards Yakubu and Lomana LuaLua came out on top against the previously watertight Tottenham defence.
SBC joins the VoIP party SBC Communications will begin selling residential phone services that use the Internet in 2005, aiming for those in its existing markets who buy broadband access but gave up their traditional home phone.
GM, Ford October Sales Fall, Japanese Up General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. on Wednesday posted weaker US vehicle sales for October due to fewer blow-out incentives as inventories of older model 2004 vehicles declined.
Tennis: Henman battles through Tim Henman overcomes a back injury to beat Ivo Karlovic at the US Open.
&lt;cite&gt;Register&lt;/cite&gt; restores ad service &lt;strong&gt;Site Notice&lt;/strong&gt; Some rough figures
Delta Auditor Concerned About Airline  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday its auditors have expressed doubt about the airline's  financial viability.
Spain lead United State 2-0 in Davis Cup final Rafael Nadal upset Andy Roddick 6-7 (8-6), 6-2, 7-6 (8-6), 6-2 to give Spain a 2-0 lead over the United States in the Davis Cup final in Seville, Spain, on Friday.
Arsenal need  quot;silly money quot; to land Man City #39;s SWP Manchester City chairman John Wardle says they will only sell winger Shaun Wright-Phillips for  quot;silly money quot;. He said:  quot;I have no intention of selling Shaun Wright-Phillips.
INTERVIEW: Sony Ericsson Chief Sees Slower Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony\Ericsson said on Tuesday it expects slower growth in the global\handset market next year.
XM Buys Baseball #39;s Satellite Radio Rights Major League Baseball announced yesterday that it would receive up to \$650 million over the next 11 years from XM Satellite Radio to beam locally produced games, like the Mets #39; WFAN broadcasts, to a national audience.
Purpura Succeeds Hunsicker As Astros #39; GM Newly named Houston Astros general manager Tim Purpura, left, answers a question as former general manager Gerry Hunsicker, right, listens during a news conference to announce Hunsicker #39;s resignation Monday, Nov. 1, 2004, in Houston.
I #39;ll be No.1 - Owen Michael Owen is confident that he will be a success at Real Madrid following his 8m move from Liverpool.
Mauresmo shows grace on court, and in defeat Forget what the billboards say. Madison Avenue has it all wrong. With apologies to cover girl Maria Sharapova, the prettiest thing on the WTA Tour may be Amelie Mauresmo #39;s backhand.
Quickly World NEW YORK - Former US president Bill Clinton was recovering yesterday after a successful heart bypass surgery at the New York-Presbyterian Hospital, a hospital source told Reuters.
Powell Praises Najaf Peace Agreement (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Friday praised the peace deal that ended fighting in Iraq's holy city of Najaf and said the presence of U.S. forces in the area helped make it possible.
In Brief: Cisco acquires startup BCN Systems (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Cisco Systems has finalized an agreement to purchase privately held BCN Systems, a provider of networking software design. Under the terms of the agreement, Cisco will pay approximately  #36;34 million in cash for BCN. The price could increase by as much as  #36;122 million if BCN meets certain development and product milestones. BCN's architecture will be incorporated across Cisco's broad routing portfolio and will support Cisco's delivery of next-generation data, voice, and video services over a converged network.
Walk the reforms road, UN tells Myanmar YANGON, Oct. 20. - A change in Myanmars political leadership brought fresh calls today for the military-ruled south-east Asian country to carry on with promises to restore democracy.
Ireland bursts Boks #39; bubble Ireland stopped South Africa #39;s grand slam bid in its tracks as world champions England and southern hemisphere heavyweights New Zealand swept to easy victories in yesterday #39;s internationals.
SpaceShipOne rockets to 5.6m prize IN THE annals of aviation, it will undoubtedly rank alongside such momentous events as the Wright brothers first powered flight in 1903 and Charles Lindberghs transatlantic crossing in 1927.
Outside View: In Arafat #39;s footsteps The last time I met Marwan Barghouti, along with other notable Palestinians, I joked how impressive it was to see so many leading minds of the Palestinians together.
Pension fund official joins Lee firm Gregory A. White, one of Governor Mitt Romney's two representatives on the state pension board, has joined Thomas H. Lee Co., a leveraged buyout firm in Boston that does business with the \$32.5 billion retirement fund for Commonwealth employees.
Federer wins Tennis Masters Cup opener SPORTS NETWORK - World No. 1 Swiss Roger Federer got past eighth-seeded Argentine Gaston Gaudio in straight sets in Monday #39;s opening round-robin match at the \$3.
Indian economy to grow 7.5 percent annually says PM (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said India's economy would grow by 7.5 percent annually over the next decade and could be one of the world's biggest economies in the next generation.
States See Federal Largesse as Election Nears (Reuters) Reuters - Whether as loan guarantees for a\shop in Ohio or a grant for a Florida power plant, the Bush\administration is showering hundreds of millions of dollars in\federal money on toss-up states in the presidential election.
Update 4: Qwest to Pay \$250M to Settle SEC Charges Qwest Communications International Inc., the regional telecommunications company, agreed Thursday to pay \$250 million to settle allegations that it engaged in  quot;massive financial fraud quot; by improperly booking \$3.
ChiSox trade Lee to Brewers for Poz, Vizcaino Lee, who batted .305 with 31 homers and 99 RBIs last season, gives the Brewers a right-handed slugger in the middle of the lineup to complement Geoff Jenkins and Lyle Overbay, both left-handed hitters.
Press Association Faults U.S. Restrictions (AP) AP - The Inter-American Press Association criticized the U.S. government on Sunday for placing restrictions on foreign journalists' travels and for recent court rulings ordering reporters to reveal secret sources.
From blogs to insurgents, 2004 #39;s most looked-up words follow the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SPRINGFIELD, Mass. The most asked for definition on Merriam-Webster #39;s Web site is for a word that #39;s not even in the dictionary.
HORSE RACING A Breeders #39; Cup draw in Texas Horse racing may have gotten off to a rocky start in Texas, but the state that made cowboys famous will prove its worth by hosting the Breeders #39; Cup World Thoroughbred Championships at Lone Star Park on Oct. 30.
Giants and Lions Show Rebuilding Is Relative In Giants Coach Tom Coughlin's view, he and Detroit Coach Steve Mariucci's teams are in the same boat; Mariucci has simply been steering his for one season longer.
Adobe Ships Upgrade of Photoshop For Non-Professionals (TechWeb) TechWeb - Adobe releases an upgrade of its consumer-focused photo-editing software, which has been enhanced with new features for improving photo quality.
Investment firm Leucadia holds about 5 pct of MCI WASHINGTON, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Investment company Leucadia National Corp. (LUK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it had bought a 4.96 percent stake in MCI Inc. (MCIP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) for about \$245.9 million.
Hillary Opposed to Highway to South Pole (AP) AP - New Zealander Sir Edmund Hillary, the first man to climb Mount Everest and the first to drive a vehicle to the South Pole, described a U.S. highway to the pole as "terrible."
Australian Stolz Hits Title Jackpot in Las Vegas  LAS VEGAS, Nevada (Reuters) - Australian Andre Stolz, way  down in 217th place on the PGA Tour money list at the start of  the tournament, scored a surprise victory at the \$4 million Las  Vegas Invitational on Sunday.
SEC Makes Krispy Kreme Probe Formal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators have  ratcheted up their probe of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; franchise buybacks, the company said on Friday,  triggering a sharp drop in its stock.
GOLF ROUNDUP: Singh leads Woods, close to top spot Singh shot 68 to widen his lead over Tiger Woods at the Deutsche Bank Championship, putting him one round from his sixth victory of the year and the No.
Azerbaijan v England SSP1 Kick Off 17.30pm An impressive England win over Wales.a game they looked in complete control..means only one thing for Azerbaijan.defeat. This England side is beginning to look like a formidable outfit.
Verizon Expands Into New Wireless Markets (AP) AP - Verizon Wireless plans next week to expand its high-speed mobile data service to 11 more markets, including New York and Los Angeles, as well as 19 more airports.
Tim Duncan and Spurs Torch Knicks 99-81 (AP) AP - Tim Duncan had 17 points and 10 rebounds, and began a key third-quarter burst that helped the San Antonio Spurs beat the New York Knicks 99-81 Tuesday night.
(14) Louisville 56 Memphis 49 MEMPHIS Eric Shelton scored on a one-yard run with 37 seconds remaining to lift 14th-ranked Louisville past Memphis 56-to-49. The Tigers went ahead by a point when Stephen Gostkowski hit a 29-yard field goal with six-19 left.
Blair 'is obstacle to Euro vote' Tony Blair could hinder efforts to winning a "yes" vote in the referendum on the EU constitution, says a leading think tank.
AL notebook: Angels, Guillen reach resolution on grievance Outfielder Jose Guillen and the Anaheim Angels reached a financial settlement yesterday to resolve the grievance filed after the team recently suspended him without pay for the rest of the season.
Quarter of All Afghan Votes Counted; Karzai Ahead  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai was on  course on Tuesday for an outright victory in the country's  historic presidential election with almost a quarter of the  votes counted from the poll 10 days ago.
Solanki enjoys Bulawayo surface Vikram Solanki praised the quality of the wicket at the Queen #39;s Sports Club after his match-winning century against Zimbabwe in Bulawayo on Saturday.
Oracle says its software gaining on rival SAP San Francisco, December 7: Oracle Corp on Monday said it believes its business software applications, an area that has lagged the rest of the company, are gaining ground against market leader SAP AG of Germany.
Ivory Coast to Pull Back Its Forces ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast - Ivory Coast forces will immediately pull back from front lines, the presidential spokesman said Sunday, after a day of clashes with French peacekeepers that left the West African nation #39;s air force in shreds.
Bulloch named Scotland captain Gordon Bulloch was named captain of Scotland #39;s rugby union side Monday for next month #39;s four-match test series. The 28-year-old last served as captain in a World Cup match against the United States last year.
Frozen out The Terrapins found the lanes underneath closed and the basket unreachable against an impenetrable Badgers defense, and No. 25 Wisconsin (3-1) beat No.
Fiorentina, Atalanta Win at Italian Cup (AP) AP - Fiorentina, Atalanta, Messina and Livorno all won their first-round matches of the Italian Cup on Sunday, stepping closer to qualification for the next round.
Inauguration for tallest bridge The world's highest traffic bridge is to be inaugurated in southern France by President Jacques Chirac.
Countering the Harmony offer for Gold Fields JOHANNESBURG (Mineweb.com) --While the dust is still settling lets take a look at some of the arguments Gold Fields might start putting up to persuade its shareholders of the poverty of the Harmony bid.
Push Against Polio Launched in Africa  JOHANNESBURG, Oct. 7 -- Teams were to spread out across 23 countries in sub-Saharan Africa on Friday to begin what global health officials hope is the final push against the crippling polio virus, with the goal of vaccinating 80 million children, including those in northern Nigeria, where opposition had derailed the eradication effort.
Also from this section When four years ago Ian Schrager opened the Sanderson, his latest venture in ultra-hip hotels with chic interiors, eye-watering prices and a clientele to match, he declared:  quot;London is hot right now.
UEFA Cup: Liedson lifts Sporting Sporting Lisbon ended Dinamo Tbilisi #39;s interest in the UEFA Cup with a crushing 4-0 victory at the Boris Paichadze stadium in Georgia.
Stocks #39; second thoughts Indexes are up so far this week, but another record oil price could put some of those gains at risk. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - US stock markets were set for a little slip at Friday #39;s open, but it would take a
Liberal groups pan corporate tax breaks WASHINGTON - A new study listing 46 profitable Fortune 500 companies as getting \$5.4 billion in federal tax refunds last year is being used by Democrats to push for expanding the child tax credit to low-income families who don #39;t pay income taxes.
Zawahri Tape Urges Resistance to 'Crusaders' (Reuters) Reuters - An audio tape said to be from senior al\Qaeda official Ayman al-Zawahri called for organized resistance\against invading "crusaders" in the Muslim world and especially\attacks against Israel's ally the United States.
Panel: Let domestic security technology move forward Civil liberties and privacy advocacy groups often have the effect of stopping technological innovation when they protest the use of new technologies for domestic security, a technology expert at a Washington, D.C., think tank said Wednesday.
Iraqi Militants Kill 12 Nepali Hostages - Web Site  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A militant Iraqi group said it had  killed 12 Nepali hostages and showed pictures of one being  beheaded and others being shot dead, the worst mass killing of  captives since a wave of kidnappings erupted in April.
UK  #39;Ministry of Porn #39; crackdown p2pnet.net News:- UK civil servants have been fired and  quot;disciplined quot; in a crackdown on Net porn at work, says Britain #39;s The Sun newspaper here.
Time  #39;nearly up #39; for Iraq peace deal IRAQS interim prime minister warned that time is running out for a peace settlement in Fallujah as Scottish troops today began relieving American forces who are set to attack the rebel stronghold.
South Korea to File Petition With CAS on Gymnast #39;s Case The South Korean delegation to the Athens Olympics will file a petition on the case of Yang Tae-young, bronze medallist in gymnastics mens individual all-around event, with the Court of
TiVo puts a brave face on subscription numbers (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Digital video recorder pioneer TiVo sent mixed signals Thursday about the progress of its ambitious effort to win new subscribers and become profitable.
Bush vows action over troops' kit President Bush says claims that US troops going to Iraq have  poor armour protection are being addressed.
Ukraine's Yanukovich to Run Again in Repeat Vote  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich  said on Saturday he would run against opposition liberal Viktor  Yushchenko again in a rerun of their contested presidential  election and he defiantly vowed he would win.
BAR boss departs as Honda prepare to pass rivals JENSON BUTTON might have lost the battle, but last night he appeared to have won the war as David Richards, his boss at BAR Honda, was shown the door.
NBA suspends Fizer for one game following guilty plea on gun &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The NBA suspended Milwaukee Bucks guard Marcus Fizer on Tuesday for one game following his guilty plea on a gun charge. Fizer, who signed with the Bucks last Thursday, is currently on the injured list with a knee injury and out four to six weeks.
UK plays down Mideast talks LONDON: Talk about a Middle East peace conference in London early next year is  quot;premature, quot; a spokesman for British Prime Minister Tony Blair said last night.
Above and beyond BEVERLY -- It's clear just from the title that a race like the ''Mountain Masochist Trail Run quot; isn't for everyone. It takes a certain kind of individual -- energetic, undaunted, determined -- to traverse 50 miles of wooded terrain in Virginia's Shenandoah Valley, virtually nonstop, for fun.
Parmalat sues US bank CSFB Italian food giant Parmalat is pushing ahead with plans to sue its former auditors by taking CSFB to task over a bond deal back in 2002.
Nigerian court rule on ongoing strike hailed by trade union Nigeria #39;s umbrella union on Wednesday hailed a high court rule on the ongoing warning strike against rising domestic fuel prices, saying the government has failed to stop the strike using the court.
Symbian Phones Hit with Skulls Trojan A newly intercepted malicious Trojan has begun infecting mobile phones which run the Symbian operating system. Dubbed  quot;Skulls, quot; the Trojan has been detected on Symbian shareware download sites
Halliburton may dump KBR unit Houston #39;s Halliburton is considering selling its KBR unit, the object of numerous investigations, persistent losses and ongoing bankruptcy.
Freed hostages meet Karzai and smiled for photographers after discussing their captivity with him at his presidential palace in Kabul. Reporters were not allowed to ask questions, but Nayan said he was well and grateful for the support he received from home.
Al-Qaida Said to Recruit in Latin America MONTERREY, Mexico - Governments throughout Mexico and Central America are on alert as evidence grows that al-Qaida members are traveling in the region and looking for recruits to carry out attacks in Latin America - the potential last frontier for international terrorism.    The territory could be a perfect staging ground for Osama bin Laden's militants, with homegrown rebel groups, drug and people smugglers, and corrupt governments...
Suicide Bomber Kills U.S. Woman in Kabul (AP) AP - A purported Taliban militant who set off grenades strapped to his body on a bustling Kabul shopping street killed an American woman and wounded several others Saturday, including three NATO soldiers, officials and family members said.
Despite Google, we still need good libraries GOOGLE, with whom I spend more time than with my loved ones, is planning to put the contents of the worlds greatest libraries on line, including the Bodleian in Oxford and those of Harvard and Stanford in America.
Hewitt coasts into quarters SECOND seed Lleyton Hewitt beat Frenchman Michael Llodra 6-1 6-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the Long Island Cup today. Fresh from his third title of the year last weekend in Washington, Hewitt will
A Whole New Look All 18 greens were replaced since last year at the Mystic Rock course where the 84 Lumber Classic is played, and the course was lengthened by 400 yards to 7,500.
Sudanese government, rebels restart talks on Darfur Sudan #39;s government and rebels resumed peace talks in Nigeria #39;s capital Monday aimed at resolving the crisis in Sudan  #39;s Darfur region, which has left tens of thousands of people dead and displaced more than 1 million
Local shoppers hope for wider selection and better quality Kalamazoo-area Kmart customers say that store #39;s merger with Sears could mean stiff competition for retail powerhouses such as Wal-Mart.
880 Pounds of Cocaine Seized Off Colombia (AP) AP - A joint French, American and British anti-narcotics operation intercepted four smugglers with 880 pounds of cocaine off the coast of Colombia this week, France's Defense Ministry said Friday.
Thousands Flock to Japan for Radon Therapy (AP) AP - It has been singled out as the second-leading cause of lung cancer in the United States, right behind smoking. But to Shiro Umeda, sprightly at 74, radon is the best thing since aspirin.
Kids create new sign language A new sign language created over 30 years by deaf Nicaraguan children, gives a unique insight into how languages evolve.
First Criminal Trial on Enron to Begin Today As the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at Enron opens, it will be notable as much for who is not among the six defendants as who is.
Sun's Looking Glass Provides 3D View (PC World) PC World - Developers get early code for new operating system 'skin' still being crafted.
Northern parties continue talks in UK Talks involving the British and Irish governments and the northern parties continue at Leeds Castle in Kent today. The first day of discussions aimed at restoring power sharing in the North adjourned late last night.
Asia-Pac a key software market: Ballmer MICROSOFT chief executive officer Steve Ballmer on Thursday stressed the importance of the Asia-Pacific region to the world #39;s top software maker when he was addressing
Blasts, gun attacks claim 41 in Assam DIMAPUR / GUWAHATI: In a sudden outburst of violence in Northeast, 41 people were killed and about 140 injured in a series of blasts and firing by militants in Nagaland and neighbouring Assam on Sunday.
Turning the Paige: It #39;s now Mizzou Arena The University of Missouri board of curators on Friday voted to rename the Columbia campus basketball arena Mizzou Arena, severing the connection between the posh sports facility and allegations of cheating at a university 1,700 miles away.
Kabul Blast Was Outside U.S. Embassy, No U.S. Casualties  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An explosion in the Afghan capital  Kabul was 200 to 300 meters (yards) outside the U.S. embassy  and there were no U.S. casualties, a U.S. official said late on  Thursday.
Stocks Open Lower NEW YORK (Reuters) - US stocks fell at the open on Wednesday after crude oil pushed to a fresh high and Google Inc. slashed its initial public offering price, which appeared to dampen investor sentiment.
Giants Blast Dodgers to Aid Playoff Hopes (AP) AP - Pedro Feliz hit a tiebreaking grand slam with two outs in the eighth inning for his fourth hit of the day, and the Giants helped their playoff chances with a 9-5 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Saturday.
Show us your money, say Leeds THE Leeds United board today demanded proof of funding after considering a  amp;pound25 million (\$61.58m) takeover deal headed by Sebastian Sainsbury.
Factory Orders Up, Jobless Claims Rise  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders at U.S. factories rose 0.5  percent in October as demand for military equipment surged, the  Commerce Department said on Thursday, but orders were flat when  defense was excluded.
More than 2,000 people killed in Fallujah : Iraqi official More than 2,000 people were killed so far in the flashpoint city of Fallujah, an Iraqi senior security official said Thursday.  quot;More than 2,058 were killed and more than 1,600
Two blasts rock Jeddah RIYADH, Sept 11: Two explosions of mild intensity hit Jeddah on Saturday, on the third anniversary of the Sept-11 attacks on the World Trade Centre in New York and the Pentagon in Washington.
Write home, ET, don #39;t phone ET shouldn #39;t phone home: the message would never get there. He should post a letter instead, say computer experts. They report in Nature magazine that radio messages would literally be a waste of energy.
Hadash to petition AG over Gaza girl #39;s death Chief of General Staff Lt.- Gen. Moshe Ya #39;alon has decided there are no grounds to oust the Givati company commander who allegedly shot schoolgirl Iman al-Hams, 13, at close range and reportedly  quot;verified the kill quot; on October 5 near Rafah.
Klitschko . . . . v . . . .Williams Round-by-round action as Danny Williams takes on Vitali Klitschko for the WBC heavyweight title. Build-up: The atmosphere is building at the Mandalay Bay Casino, Las Vegas with a strong British presence on hand to cheer for Williams.
DaVanon hits for cycle On a ridiculous night of achievement for the Angels #39; offense, Jeff DaVanon somehow managed to stand out. The outfielder doubled in the third inning of Wednesday night #39;s
Sony and Nvidia Develop Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. and NVIDIA Corporation today announced that the companies have been collaborating to develop the graphics processing unit for the Playstation 3. In the future, the experience
Pacers #39; Miller breaks bone in hand INDIANAPOLIS  Guard Reggie Miller broke a bone in his left hand in the Pacers #39; a 98-79 loss Friday to the Denver, the exhibition finale for both teams.
After 99 losses, Mariners dump Melvin Bob Melvin was fired as manager of the Seattle Mariners yesterday, a day after the team ended the season with its 99th loss.
Swisscom confirms Telekom Austria talks have ended ZURICH, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Top Swiss telecoms group Swisscom (SCMN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) confirmed takeover talks with neighbouring Telekom Austria (TELA.VI: Quote, Profile, Research) had ended without result, the group said on Thursday, crushing ...
Eli Lilly Launches Online Clinical Trial Registry Drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said it will make clinical trial information available online amid calls by lawmakers and physicians for more disclosure of negative trial results.
Europe's Tug-Of-War on GMO Crops Rages On (Reuters) Reuters - UK scientists pronounced some\genetically modified (GMO) crops harmless Monday but European\Union experts demurred, declining to approve another new GMO\product for the eighth time in a row.
EPA Finds Problem With Airline Drinking Water Now there #39;s something else for airline passengers to worry about -- the safety of their drinking water. New tests show nearly one of out every eight passenger airliners flying in the United States has drinking
Allchin: Don't call it "Shorthorn" Despite the removal of an advanced file system, Longhorn will not be short on features, Jim Allchin tells CNET News.com.
Beijing cancels purchase of Microsoft software The Beijing municipal government has canceled an order for Microsoft computer software following official complaints that local governments are not buying enough software developed domestically.
Utah State hire Brent Guy as football coach Guy, a former Utah State assistant coach from 1992-94, has spent the last four seasons as the defensive coordinator and linebackers coach at Arizona State.
Toshiba to make image-processing chips for US firm Xilinx TOKYO, Oct 14, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- Toshiba Corp. said Thursday it has been entrusted with manufacturing high-end image-processing semiconductor chips for US chipmaker Xilinx Inc.
Rojo Tracks 800k Blogs \\Chris Alden blogged  the other day about Rojo going past 800k feeds in our\index:\\"We indexed our 800,000th feed yesterday, making Rojo one of the largest feed\search services already. If your RSS or Atom feed is NOT indexed by Rojo\already, all you need to do is to enter that feed into the "Add Channel"\window on the right side of the Content tab, and we will add it. All of the\feeds we've indexed are searchable in the "Search Rojo" window, also on the\right side of the Content tab. Please let us know what you think of our\search!"\\We're quickly finding new feeds.  The feed discovery seems to be pretty\steady. The on difference between Rojo and Technorati  is that they track\weblogs *and* ...\\
Why They Play The Game What #39;s the fun in almost a half-century of losing? That #39;s the question Navy asks each and every year that it plays Notre Dame and contained within it is the more abstract question: What #39;s
UNITED THROUGH MANCHESTER, England: Manchester United qualified for the Champions League knockout phase with a 2-1 Group D victory over French champions Olympique Lyon last night.
Airways pilots extend talks Pilots for US Airways are continuing to negotiate this weekend over the Arlington airline #39;s demand for a 16.5 percent pay cut, despite a warning from management that negotiations should have concluded yesterday.
Joint Irish-Palestinian appeal for release of kidnapped aid chief (AFP) AFP - A joint appeal for the release of Dublin-born humanitarian aid worker Margaret Hassan kidnapped in Iraq was issued by the Irish and Palestinian foreign ministers.
Nicol's worth to be determined The Los Angeles Galaxy recently fired coach Sigi Schmid while the team was in first place. Last week, newly founded Chivas USA went across the country to hire Thomas Rongen. The moves were not totally unrelated. They created controversy and stimulated interest, which is bound to increase as the teams will be sharing the Home Depot Center as their home ...
Alabama Notebook TUSCALOOSA - Alabama head coach Mike Shula received a heavy dose of criticism earlier this season for choosing to punt on fourth-and-short in a loss to Arkansas.
Pats Beat Seahawks, Extend Win Streak (AP) AP - The New England Patriots stopped a late Seattle comeback to beat the Seahawks 30-20 Sunday, running their streak to 20 wins, including playoffs. They also tied the league record with their 17th consecutive regular-season victory.
Greenspan bearish on dollar Alan Greenspan came to the home of the euro on Friday and suggested that the relentless decline of the dollar might well continue, offering little relief to those here
Arafat Stable, Militants Seek More Powers  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat is in a stable condition  and not in a coma, an aide said on Sunday, while militants  pressed for decision-making powers in a unified Palestinian  leadership if the president dies.
Human Cells Make Morphine By Steven Reinberg, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Morphine, a potent painkiller typically derived from the opium poppy plant, appears to be made by the human body as well.    Small amounts of morphine have been found in animal tissue before, but researchers had assumed these traces came from environmental contamination, such as a diet...
EU moves to bar  #39;protective #39; mergers Neelie Kroes, the EU #39;s controversial new competition commissioner, yesterday signalled to the French authorities that she would block any attempt to protect France #39;s energy market by engineering a merger between its state-owned electricity and gas groups.
Sharon says will seek coalition with Labour Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he will seek a governing coalition with Shimon Peres #39;s Labour Party and pledged to press ahead with a planned Gaza pullout.
Chen defends arms package Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian () said yesterday a controversial arms deal was part of the government #39;s attempts to deter any attempt by rival China to invade the island.
Barrett gets life sentence for Finucane murder Loyalist killer Ken Barrett has been sentenced to 22 years in jail for the murder of Catholic solicitor Pat Finucane at his north Belfast home in February 1989.
Jennings faces Dodgers in finale com. Despite the Rockies and Dodgers meeting 14 times already this year already, Rockies right-hander Jason Jennings will make his first start of the season against Los Angeles on Sunday.
#39;Weightless Wonder #39; Makes Final Flight The NASA (news - web sites) turbojet notoriously known as the  quot;vomit comet quot; for its use in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight Friday.
Medtronic Down, Not Out Internal defibrillator maker's earnings growth rate is slowing down, but its future looks healthy.
NL playoffs: Astros vs. Braves Astros: Houston got rolling under manager Phil Garner, who replaced Jimy Williams at the All-Star break, and an amazing late-season surge carried the Astros to the wild card.
Zbikowski makes impact in Irish debut Lost in Notre Dame #39;s disappointing 20-17 loss to Brigham Young last week was the surprise start of sophomore Tom Zbikowski at strong safety.
Everton send Rooney shirts to Africa Everton is sending Wayne Rooney football merchandise, worth 65,000, to needy soccer-mad youngsters in west Africa. All the unsold stock from the Rooney section of its shop is being sent to help children and youths in Liberia.
Hollywood battles DVD chip makers Hollywood has made legal moves against two chip makers in its bid to combat DVD piracy.
Never in doubt After taking a haymaker that deprived them of victory when they were one strike away, the Boston Red Sox refused to stay down. They bounced right back in the last of the ninth, pulling
Xandros unveils Linux Desktop Management Server app The new Xandros Desktop Management Server software gives IT administrators the tools needed to roll out, configure and maintain mass deployments of Linux-equipped PCs.
Stocks Are Set to Open Down a Touch US stocks are set to open down a touch Thursday, as investors take some cash off the table following recent gains. Dow Jones futures were down 7 points recently, while Nasdaq futures were 2 points lower and Standard  amp; Poor #39;s futures declined 0.10 points.
Probe into rising ocean acidity The Royal Society launches a scientific investigation into the rising acidity of the Earth's oceans.
Pilot Talks Continue As Delta Shares Fall Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. fell Monday on the fear among some analysts that the struggling carrier will be forced into bankruptcy if it doesn #39;t get significant wage concessions from its pilots in the next three weeks.
Halliburton Suffers Loss on Asbestos Claims Halliburton reported a loss in the third quarter, hurt by charges from discontinued operations related to the settlement of asbestos and silica claims.
Russian showdown Russian duo Svetlana Kuznetsova and Nadia Petrova have extended their hot US Open form to set up a semi-final showdown at the Wismilak WTA tournament in Bali.
Cricket-Merriman says Kenyan cricket can learn from the Zimbabwe &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAIROBI (AFP) - Australian cricket board chairman Bob Merriman said that the probe into racism in Zimbabwean cricket should serve as an impetus for Kenya in resolving its own internal conflicts.
Why we want to believe psychics Speaking with a long-departed love one may be the result of fear or suggestion rather than genuine spirit contact, research suggests.
What game? TV can #39;t get off sideline It is late in the game, the Patriots clinging to a 2-point lead, and Heinz Field is rocking. The diehard Steeler fans are roaring as their heroes march upfield for what could be a winning field goal.
Short Jump, Bad Handoff End Jones' Games (AP) AP - For Marion Jones, Sydney must seem far more than half a world away. Those Olympics were some dreamland where she ruled track and field with a golden touch and a sweet smile, winning five medals that turned her into an international superstar.
Roddick splits with coach Gilbert Andy Roddick today announced the end of an 18-month association with coach Brad Gilbert which earned the American his first grand slam title and established him among the heavyweights of men #39;s tennis.
Gunmen kidnap top Gaza official Witnesses say the attackers surrounded Brigadier-General Mohammad al-Batrawi #39;s car and forced him to drive off. Brigadier Batrawi is head of the financial surveillance department of the Palestinian security forces.
Irish Need No Luck Irish quarterback Brady Quinn took control of the game in the first half, completing 15-of-23 passes for 196 yards to lead Notre Dame to a 38-3 victory Saturday over Washington.
Astros #39; leads slip away Houston - Forty-two years of postseason futility for his hometown team rested in the strong right hand of Roger Clemens. A 5-2 lead, Atlanta #39;s 15- game winner in the showers, a future Hall of Famer on the mound and a 19-game home win streak.
Capriati Edges Serena in Titanic Quarter-Final  By Simon Cambers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jennifer Capriati won a titanic struggle  with old foe Serena Williams to reach the semi-finals of the  U.S. Open, going through 2-6, 6-4, 6-4 Tuesday after one of the  most dramatic battles in the tournament's history.
Kerry Wins Fans Abroad with Global Warming Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry\has won plaudits abroad for his promises to fight global\warming but could find his hands tied at home if he wins next\week's U.S. elections.
House OKs bill imposing prison time for  #39;spyware #39; WASHINGTON - The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw  quot;spyware, quot; irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
FCC Backs Bells on Fiber Phone Line Sharing Limits  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators on Thursday said big  local phone companies will not have to share new fiber-optic  lines built for high-speed Internet and other services,  spurring one carrier to speed roll-out plans.
In Ethnic Tinderbox, Fear of Revenge for School Killings Ethnic Ingush in Kartsa, Russia, wait in fear for possible reprisals after the mass killings in Beslan.
Tennis: Storm delays Britain #39;s Davis Cup match in Austria PORTSCHACH, Austria: Thunder, lightning and incessant rain delayed the start of the Davis Cup World Group play-off tie between Austria and Great Britain.
Culpepper highlights NFC Players of the Week New York, NY (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings quarterback Daunte Culpepper, Seattle Seahawks cornerback Ken Lucas and New Orleans Saints kicker John Carney were named NFC Offensive, Defensive and Special Teams Players of the Week, respectively, for
Hi honey, I #39;m virtually home alone Australian mobile telephone users may be able to buy and woo virtual dates this year after the release of a Virtual Girlfriend game for 3G mobile telephones.
Cambodia #39;s King to Step Down Cambodia #39;s ailing King Norodom Sihanouk has issued a statement of abdication following nearly a year of self-imposed exile. Citing previous health concerns and a  quot;new and serious ailment, quot; the long-ruling
Microsoft revenue up 12 in quarter A Microsoft Corp. division that competes head-to-head with the open-source Linux operating system posted sharply improved financial results, helping to fuel a strong quarter for the Redmond software company.
Future Indonesian leader calls for national unity Jakarta (VNA) - In his first public statement since the second round of the Indonesian presidential run-off election, presidential candidate Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono called for national unity and warned of difficulties facing the country.
Sony #39;s Major Strategic Shift: MP3 Format Support Support for MP3 will first appear in solid state players based on flash memory Sony plans to release this year. Sony has long insisted its digital music players support only its proprietary ATRAC format, but
US Midwest Economy Stronger Business activity in the US Midwest grew in September at a faster-than-expected rate, hinting that the economy is climbing out of its summer slow patch, a report showed on Thursday.
Ted Lilly Throws One of Three AL Shutouts Ted Lilly's three-hit shutout against the surging Boston Red Sox was barely the best pitching performance in the American League.    Detroit's Jeremy Bonderman struck out a career-high 14 Monday night in a 7-0 victory over the Chicago White Sox, and Scott Kazmir pitched five scoreless innings to win his major league debut for Tampa Bay...
Leftwich Set for Showdown at Indianapolis (AP) AP - Jacksonville quarterback Byron Leftwich doesn't understand why his teammates and coaches rave about his toughness.
Sony retuning to pick up MP3s Hammered by iPod, Sony will retool, adding native MP3 support to some digital music players by next summer.
Company Settles Charges on Funds Sold to Soldiers First Command Financial Services, one of the best-known companies marketing financial products to military families, agreed yesterday to pay \$12 million to settle accusations that it
Taiwan Says China Setting Out Legal Basis to Attack  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan condemned China's proposed  anti-secession law on Saturday, calling it a move to establish  a legal basis to attack the island.
Newman nabs Atlanta pole Ryan Newman will start Sunday #39;s NASCAR race from a familiar spot -he pole. By Ric Feld, AP. Newman captured his third straight pole and eighth of
PM denies misleading public PRIME Minister John Howard is insisting he has not deliberately misled the Australian public over the children overboard affair.
Report: Iraq contractor snatched Iraqi police said Wednesday a Lebanese American contractor was kidnapped overnight from his Baghdad home, according to The Associated Press.
Clinton vs. the evil alien overlords Microsoft isn't the only company soaking up the gravy from this week's release of "Halo 2", the smash successor to the company's breakthrough shooting game for its Xbox console. Missing Links
Why Does Earth's Magnetic Field Flip? Earth's magnetic field has flipped many times over the last billion years. But only recently have scientists developed computer models to reveal how these reversals occur.
Earth #39;s  #39;hum #39; springs from stormy seas An enigmatic humming sound made by the Earth may be caused by the planets stormy seas, suggests a new analysis. Japanese seismologists first described the Earths humming signal in 1998.
First Look: \$100 Video Editing Apps Square Off New entry-level programs from Adobe and Pinnacle bring plenty of editing power to desktop directors.
Stocks Seen Flat, Oil Hovers Near \$51  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were likely to open flat  on Wednesday, with high oil prices and profit warnings weighing  on the market before earnings reports start and key jobs data  is released this week.
Update 3: AP: CNNfn Will Shut Down After 9 Years CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt after nine years to compete in a market dominated by CNBC.
MS EC appeal kicks off Microsoft has told the European Court of First Instance that it should not have to share information with its competitors, arguing that revealing its secret would harm it irreparably.
Details of New John Kerry Television Ad (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry to begin airing this week:
No. 13 Louisville Tops N.C. A T, 85-51 (AP) AP - Larry O'Bannon scored a season-high 25 points and grabbed 11 rebounds to lead No. 13 Louisville to an 85-51 victory over North Carolina A amp;T on Tuesday night.
Niners' Barlow Has MRI  SANTA CLARA, Calif., (Sports Network) - Kevan Barlow of the  San Francisco 49ers underwent a precautionary MRI on his sore  right knee Wednesday, but the running back expects to play  Sunday in Seattle.
Full disclosure overdue from high-tech analysts It was less than two years ago that Wall Street analysts Jack Grubman and Henry Blodget paid \$19 million in fines and were banned from the securities industry for life to settle allegations that they'd promoted stocks like WorldCom and Global Crossing as the telecom companies swan-dived into an empty swimming pool. Shortly after that, in April 2003, 10 of ...
Dubai ruler moves up a notch The death of United Arab Emirates President HH Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi looks likely to increase Dubai #39;s influence in the Gulf region.
Terror fears hang over Australian election (AFP) AFP - A former US presidential adviser has warned Australia is at increased risk of a Spanish-style attack ahead of the October 9 election, citing the opposition's plan to withdraw troops from Iraq.
Chirac congratulates Finance Minister on winning UMP presidency French President Jacques Chirac has congratulated Nicolas Sarkozy on his nomination as president of his ruling party, Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).
Pakistan denies claim of progress in bin Laden hunt ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - The government dismissed a top American counterterrorism official #39;s claim of progress in the hunt for Osama bin Laden, saying today that Pakistan does not have any information on the Al Qaeda leader #39;s whereabouts.
Ease of Purchase Makes iTunes Popular ITunes has been a success for a number of reasons. Backed by a respected name (Apple), it offers a massive, ever-expanding library of songs at appealing prices.
Monti gives tentative backing to SCH #39;s Abbey bid: FT LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Banco Santander Central Hispanico #39;s (STD) proposed 8.75 billion pound bid for UK bank Abbey National (UK:ANL) has been given the tentative approval of Mario Monti, the outgoing European Union competition commissioner, the Financial
England: Lua-Lua denies Reds LIVERPOOL, Dec 15 (SW) - Rafael Benitez Liverpool were held to a 1-1 draw by Portsmouth last night, after Lua-Lua grabbed an equalizer in the stoppage time.
Yen Rises from Lows, Oil Still a Threat  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen rose from a 6-week low against  the dollar and 4-month lows versus the euro on Wednesday as oil  prices backed off record highs, while the euro maintained its  grip on recent gains against the greenback.
Surprise as August rain fails to dampen high street spending Reports of the death of the consumer economy appeared unfounded yesterday after official figures revealed a sharp rise in high street spending last month.
CNN Hires New President for Its US News Group CNN News Group on Monday said it has tapped an online media CEO and news veteran as its new president overseeing US news, just a little over a year after hiring a former local TV newsman to run its domestic operations.
Bush Requests NASA Storm Aid The president asks Congress for \$126 million to help NASA recover from hurricane damage. The money could help the agency get its space shuttle overhaul back on track. By Amit Asaravala.
Pitcairn Mayor  #39;Led Rape #39; on Island - Prosecutor The trial of seven Pitcairn Island men, descendants of the 18th century Bounty mutineers, began Wednesday with the mayor the first to face charges of rape and underage sex, pool reports said.
A Diabetes Researcher Forges Her Own Path to a Cure Dr. Denise Faustman, who has cured diabetes in mice, thinks she has a shot at curing it in humans.
Pirating Just Got Easier Sonys music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology to limit copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Who else but Els?! Wentworth, England, Oct 18 -- Ernie Els won the HSBC World Match Play title, the richest jackpot in golf, for a record sixth time, on his 35th birthday yesterday.
Maurice Wilkins dies Maurice Hugh Frederick Wilkins, joint winner of the Nobel Prize in 1962 for his role in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died on Tuesday (October 5), Kings College London announced on Wednesday.
Conservation Group Urges Gov't Cooperation (AP) AP - Scientists and officials strengthened efforts to forestall the extinction of thousands of species and protect the world's habitats in talks in Bangkok, but governments need to work harder to promote conservation, an international environment agency said Thursday.
Security Council debate Rwanda-Congo The UN Security Council has met to discuss the alleged incursion of Rwandan troops into neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
Woods, Mickelson Off to Shaky Ryder Start BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson were paired for the first time in Friday's opening match of the Ryder Cup, a dynamic twosome that hoped to get the United States rolling toward bringing the chalice back to this side of the Atlantic...
Sports: Broncos 20 Panthers 17 DENVER Denver #39;s long line of stellar running backs continues. Backup Reuben Droughns (drohns), filling in for injured Quentin Griffin, ran for 193 yards on 30 carries as the Broncos held off Carolina 20-to-17.
AT amp; Wireless unveils messaging-only handheld AT amp;T Wireless on Monday seemed to be trying to turn back the clock on cell phone design trends when it introduced the Ogo, a messaging-only handheld.
AL Wrap: Molina Leads Angels to Sweep of Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bengie Molina had four hits, including  a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game  series sweep with a 4-3 win over the New York Yankees on  Sunday.
Ancient and Modern Tattoos Celebrated in Photography Book Since ancient times people have marked their bodies as a form of cultural spiritualism. A new book of photographs looks at tattoos, scarification, and other traditional and modern body markings in more than 30 countries. &lt;b&gt;Photo gallery included.&lt;/b&gt;
Rebuked Lawmaker Withstands Calls to Step Aside (Reuters) Reuters - House of Representatives Majority\Leader Tom DeLay, admonished twice in six days by his chamber's\ethics committee, withstood calls on Thursday by rival\Democrats and citizen groups that he step aside.
HP, Brocade Integrate SAN Switching, Blade Architecture IT managers concerned about deploying blade technology into heterogeneous environments may have an easier time of it with the recent announcement that Brocade #39;s SAN (storage area network
Canada reverses its flu vaccine policy ID Biomedical of Vancouver, Canada #39;s main supplier of flu vaccines, said Tuesday it will not sell 1.2 million doses of flu vaccine to the United States.
Isringhausen has hip surgery, should be ready for spring training Cardinals closer Jason Isringhausen had successful surgery on his left hip Monday and should be fully recovered in time for spring training.
A Former Abbott Executive Hired as Human Genome Chief Human Genome Sciences plans to announce that H. Thomas Watkins, a former Abbott Laboratories executive, will be its new chief.
A wild night for Cards reliever HOUSTON - The ball sailed inches over the head of Jeff Bagwell for ball four. The Astros first baseman said something to Cardinals pitcher Julian Tavarez , who yelled something back.
Marine City priest leaves foundation \$575,000 bequest Following a lifetime of helping people through his church work, a \$575,000 gift from the Rev. Donald Bartone will help renew that dedication nearly two years after his death.
Australia Bats First in Second Cricket Test Against NZ Australia captain Ricky Ponting won the toss and chose to bat first against New Zealand in the second and final cricket Test at Adelaide.
Update: IBM's PC business reportedly for sale IBM is discussing selling its PC business to Lenovo Group Ltd., China's largest maker of personal computers, and at least one other potential buyer, according to The New York Times.
First Look at Microsoft Money 2005 This Web-savvy update syncs with MSN accounts, but you'll want to be aware of some functionality requirements and service limitations.
IBM #39;s PC deal seen as strategic withdrawal IBM #39;s decision this past week to sell a majority stake in its personal computer business to Lenovo Group, a vendor based in China, for \$1.75 billion in cash, stock, and debt assumption, is
Colts outscore Packers in home opener on strength of Manning #39;s arm INDIANAPOLIS -- All of the talk leading up to this week #39;s matchup between the Indianapolis Colts and the Green Bay Packers focused on the quarterbacks and the shootout the two would have.
Carter to miss two preseason games to fight lawsuit Vince Carter will miss the Toronto Raptors #39; next two preseason games while he fights a lawsuit from a former agent. Carter wasn #39;t available for Tuesday night #39;s game at Denver and Wednesday #39;s game at Portland
Stent recalls could hit inventory The three recalls of Boston Scientific Corp. cardiac stents since July 2 affected many more units than the company has previously disclosed, raising concerns among stock analysts about future inventory levels.
Japan to stay in Iraq despite beheading TONY EASTLEY: The Japanese Government says it will continue its mission in Iraq, despite the beheading of one of its citizens. The troop deployment is unpopular in Japan, but surprisingly, the political fallout
U.S. Stocks Rise; Oil, Gold Fall (Reuters) Reuters - A decline in the price of oil helped\lift U.S. stocks to their highest level in two-months on\Tuesday.
New Blow for Sender ID as AOL Joins Disbelievers AOL is the latest and largest company to back away from Microsoft #39;s Sender ID software, designed to cut spam by identifying the source of the e-mail.
Google, Set for Offering, Cuts Share Price by About a Quarter oogle today cut the estimated price range of its initial stock offering by about a quarter, to between \$85 and \$95 a share, valuing the Internet search engine company by as much as \$25.8 billion.
The Guitarist Is Metal. No, Not Heavy Metal. Tuesday's "Robo Recital" at the Juilliard School continues the age-old interaction between composition and technology.
Pike strike puts managers in booths At 12:01 am yesterday, he joined hundreds of turnpike managers and others in manning collection booths along the 531-mile toll road.
US Plane in Afghanistan Presumed Crashed -- Sources  KABUL (Reuters) - An aircraft that went missing in central  Afghanistan at the weekend is presumed to have crashed with  three U.S. military passengers and three U.S. civilian crew  aboard, military and security sources said on Tuesday.
Briefly: Legal expert joins open-source screening firm roundup Plus: Cray signs two supercomputing customers...MSN Messenger beta leaks onto Web...Level 3 to buy Sprint's dial-up business...Cisco CEO's salary shoots up from \$1...SanDisk ups capacity on flash memory cards.
GOP Protesters Refused Use of Central Park (AP) AP - A federal judge ruled Monday that two protest groups cannot use New York City's Central Park as a site for a demonstration days before the Republican National Convention.
Black Boxes Recovered from China Lake Crash Site  BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese divers searching an icy lake  have recovered the two flight recorders from a commuter jet  that crashed seconds after takeoff killing 54 people, Xinhua  news agency said Wednesday.
Iron Ore Prices to Jump 20 Percent in 2005 Iron ore prices will probably rise another 20 percent in 2005 after increasing 19 percent this year, the top executive of the world #39;s biggest ore exporter said Monday.
Delta struggles with weak revenues, deep discounts, high fuel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Delta Air Lines Inc. is on the brink of filing for bankruptcy, with the coming weeks critical. This weekend, the airline continues negotiations with its pilots union in Hollywood in order
AL Wrap: Koskie Slugs Homer in 10th as Twins Edge Indians  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corey Koskie clubbed a two-run homer  in the top of the 10th inning to help the Minnesota Twins hold  on to first place in the American League Central with a 4-2  road win over the Cleveland Indians.
Sears Posts Loss, Cuts Outlook Stock Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck   Co &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. department store chain, on Thursday posted an unexpected  third-quarter loss and cut its full-year profit forecast,  sending its shares tumbling more than 8 percent.
Report: Jays front-runners to sign Koskie The Toronto Blue Jays are close to signing Canadian third-baseman Corey Koskie and hope to have a deal done by Monday.  quot;We #39;re still talking, and hopefully we #39;ll know something soon, quot; Blue Jays general manager JP Ricciardi told TSN on Sunday night.
Afghan leader seeks to replace powerful governor Afghan leader Hamid Karzai has effectively tried to sideline a powerful regional rival by promoting him to cabinet minister less than a month before presidential elections on Oct. 9. Ismail
Pakistan confident of winning one-day tri-series MULTAN: Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul Haq is confident his revitalised team can win their first home one-day cricket title ahead of their first tri-series match against outsiders Zimbabwe here.
Liverpool Football Club May Receive Bid From Hollywood Producer Liverpool Football Club may receive its third offer of investment in six months after a Hollywood producer said he is considering a bid for English soccer #39;s most successful team.
Butt handed three-match ban by UEFA Newcastle United midfielder Nicky Butt has been handed a three-match European suspension by UEFA for his straight red card dismissal against Israel #39;s Bnei Sakhnin last week.
Hart powers attack ANN ARBOR , Mich. -- Michael Hart ran for 151 yards and a season-high three touchdowns and No. 9 Michigan scored TDs the first five times it touched the ball in the second half to beat Northwestern , 42-20, yesterday.
ELLIOTT BAGS BOTH STAKES AT THE BIG A Jockey Stewart Elliott made a successful visit to Aqueduct as he swept both stakes on the Election Day card. Elliott, who came to prominence as the regular jockey of 2004
XM Satellite convertible debt priced XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. (XMSR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said a \$300 million offering of senior notes convertible into common stock has been priced at \$50 a share.
Rumsfeld: Druyun Had Little Supervision Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld blamed an Air Force procurement scandal on high turnover in top management positions, which he said reduced the amount of "adult supervision" of major weapons contracts over the past decade.
Apple Computer Rises After Net More Than Doubles on IPod Sales Apple Computer Inc. shares rose as much as 6.5 percent after the company said fourth-quarter net income more than doubled on surging demand for iPods and forecast profit and sales this quarter that will beat analysts #39; estimates.
Cavaliers wary of struggling Tigers The numbers suggest a mismatch: Virginia is 4-0 and ranked No. 10. Clemson has lost three straight. But records only tell part of the story, at least where the Tigers are concerned.
Newman wins pole in Martinsville MARTINSVILLE, Virginia (Ticker) - Ryan Newman is probably too far back in the  quot;Chase for the Championship quot; to seriously contend for the title.
Strahan out for year with torn pectoral muscle EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- All-Pro defensive end Michael Strahan will miss the rest of the New York Giants #39; season with a torn pectoral muscle.
Gregan re-signs with ARU Australian captain George Gregan has re-signed with the Australian Rugby Union for three years, the ARU and the ACT Brumbies said Thursday.
Going for green Federal agencies have new hints to guide them to green ovals in the e-government column on their quarterly Office of Management and Budget scorecards.
Microsoft Eyes Video for Business IM (PC World) PC World - Software giant teams with Polycom to boost sales of Live Communications Server.
McGahee earns Bills starting job ORCHARD PARK, NY Willis McGahee (muh-GAY #39;-hee) will start at running back Sunday for the Buffalo Bills in hopes of igniting a sputtering offense.
Blockbuster Offers  #36;700M for Rival Chain (AP) AP - Blockbuster Inc., facing new attacks from big retailers and online operators, has offered  #36;700 million for rival Hollywood Entertainment Corp. in a bid to combine the two biggest players in the movie-rental industry.
Turin Unveils Mascots as Countdown Begins  ROME (Reuters) - Italy revved its marketing engine on  Tuesday with the unveiling of two frosty-faced mascots for the  2006 Winter Olympics.
Hi-tech phones sent TV channels Digital television channels are to be transmitted straight to hi-tech mobile telephones in a UK first.
Oil Prices Climb Above \$42 a Barrel  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed above \$42 a barrel on  Wednesday, rising for the third day in a row as cold weather  gripped the U.S. Northeast, the world's biggest heating fuel  market.
Bottom line up front FOXBOROUGH -- A tale of two lines. One could take a bow the morning after a 27-24 win over the Indianapolis Colts. The other, though it played better in the second half Thursday night, needed to spend a little more time watching its errors on film, and hoping to improve next Sunday in Arizona.
Bosnian foreign minister banned from US ISN SECURITY WATCH (17/12/04) - Bosnian Foreign Minister Mladen Ivanic has been banned from entering the US, as Bosnian Serb officials come under pressure for failing to arrest Europes two most-wanted war criminals, Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan
After all, have we become Russias strategic partner? TDN- Russian Federation President Vladimir Putin was in Ankara on Monday for a state visit unmatched in the history of relations between the Turkish and Russian nations.
Cropp Not Shaken by MLB #39;s Reaction WASHINGTON - DC Council Chair Linda Cropp isn #39;t shaken by Major League Baseball calling the DC Council #39;s measure requiring 50 percent private financing for a new stadium  quot;wholly unacceptable.
Cullen makes monetary gaffe Finance Minister Michael Cullen has made an embarrassing gaffe by apparently announcing the Reserve Bank #39;s decision to raise interest rates a day early.
LSU #39;s Saban meets with Dolphins for  #39;preliminary conversation #39; LSU coach Nick Saban met with the Miami Dolphins about their opening Tuesday night, the school announced Wednesday morning.  quot;I owe it to the people of Louisiana and the fans of LSU football to let them know
Legendary bandit buried in India The funeral of India's most notorious bandit, Veerappan, takes place  at a village in southern Tamil Nadu state.
Sweet Revenge May be a Hard-Wired Reward Scientists have discovered that the sweetness of revenge may have a neurological basis. A Swiss brain imaging study shows that punishing people when they behave unfairly
Small-Caps Still Outperform Large-Caps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Davids of the stock market are  beating the Goliaths again.
Yankees Nearing Deal to Acquire Johnson Two agents said that the Yankees were on the verge of acquiring Randy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Court-martial set in shooting of Iraqi BERLIN -- A US tank company commander accused of killing a critically wounded Iraqi driver for radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr will be court-martialed, an Army spokesman said yesterday.
IBM unveils challenge to EMC For the second time in two weeks, IBM Corp. will unveil a product designed to challenge its archrival in the data storage business: EMC Corp. of Hopkinton. EMC dominates the market for high-end corporate storage hardware, but IBM's new ''storage virtualization quot; software could encourage defections from EMC by making it easier for companies to mix and match storage hardware from ...
World oil trade to double in next 25 years LONDON - World trade in oil will double over the next 25 years, intensifying pressure on supply chokepoints which threaten security of international flows, the International Energy Agency (IEA) said yesterday.
Twenty-one die as  #39;petrol bus #39; explodes after collision Twenty-one Iraqis were killed when a bus carrying petrol exploded in a fireball after colliding with a car north-east of Baghdad, a hospital official said today.
Slim PlayStation triples sales Sony PlayStation 2's slimmer shape has proved popular with UK gamers, with 50,000 sold in its first week on sale.
We May Not Be the Only Humans on Earth A 3ft tall  #39;hobbit #39; discovered on a remote Indonesian island has raised the extraordinary possibility that our human species might not be alone on Earth.
The  #39;Simonas #39; thought dedication to Iraqis protected them MILAN The Two Simonas, as they are called in the Italian press, thought their dedication to helping Iraqis overcome the effects of war and their opposition to the US occupation protected them from the lawlessness of Baghdad.
Sandisk Increases Phone Memory Capacities Sandisk this week announced the addition of new, higher capacity memory cards for mobile phones. The miniSD and RS-MMC card formats will now be offered in capacities as large as 512MB starting in November.
Google may gain on ad sales, IPO firms #39; analysts say Shares of Google Inc., the world #39;s most-used Internet search engine, may continue to rise as the company boosts advertising revenue, research analysts at securities firms that underwrote
US Judge Rejects Law to Block Child Porn on Web A Pennsylvania law allowing the state to force Internet service providers to block access to child pornography sites is unconstitutional, a federal judge ruled on Friday.
Philips Gets The Jump On Another New Promising Wireless Technology: NFC (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Philips Semiconductors has a plan to cash in on the craze for cool new features in cell phones.
Cingular Completes Acquisition of AT T Wireless Cingular becomes the nation's largest wireless carrier.
Before UN, Sudanese pledge peace A Dec. 31 deadline is set for an accord to end the region #39;s 21-year civil war. By EVELYN LEOPOLD. NAIROBI, KENYA - Staking its prestige on Sudan #39;s troubled peace process, the UN Security Council met away from
Real Slashes Online Song Prices (PC World) PC World - Digital music battle continues, as Real undercuts ITunes' prices.
Pitt Emerges As Big East BCS Frontrunner (AP) AP - This hardly seemed possible when Pitt needed frantic rallies to overcome Division I-AA Furman or Big East cellar dweller Temple. Or when the Panthers could barely move the ball against Ohio  #151; not Ohio State, but Ohio U.
UC regents vote down plan for  #39;multiracial #39; category day shot down a proposal to create a  quot;multiracial quot; box on freshman application forms -- a plan suggested by Regent Ward Connerly that quickly became a flashpoint in lingering debates over affirmative action.
GOP Rep. Cubin Wins Wyoming Primary (AP) AP - U.S. Rep. Barbara Cubin fended off four Republican challengers in Tuesday's primary election, securing a shot at a sixth term in this fall's general election.
G.O.P., Last to Bat, Swings Freely for the Fences The G.O.P. convention is a batter-by-batter rebuttal of almost everything the Democrats said and did in Boston last month.
Karzai maintains lead in early Afghan vote count (AFP) AFP - President Hamid Karzai maintained his early lead in Afghanistan's election after just over eight percent of the ballots had been counted, the election commission said.
Is Google blocking third party GMail notifiers? Is Google blocking third party GMail notifiers?\\Slashdot has already reported it. And now users on some forums have started complaining about it. Google is apparently blocking access to its GMail service by third party applications like GMail notifiers and clients. Some of these free applications let user access GMail accounts ...
Google launches new Web site for readers, publishers (AFP) AFP - Leading Web search engine Google launched a new site for book lovers at the world's largest publishing show that will provide a new avenue for sales.
A Fixer-Upper A solid majority of Americans tell pollsters they think the country is headed in the wrong direction. But as the congressional campaigns got underway in earnest this September, it seemed all
Speakers debate RFID benefits, challenges BALTIMORE - While speakers at the EPCglobal Inc. U.S. conference Wednesday talked up the benefits of radio frequency identification (RFID), analysts watching RFID adoptions said many U.S. companies are still waiting to see a clear reason to adopt the technology.
NASA Recruits Stunt Pilots To Catch Sun Capsule NASA has enlisted the aid of Hollywood stunt pilots to retrieve a space capsule as it falls to Earth. The Genesis probe has collected tiny particles of the sun -- a stream of charged atoms known as  quot;solar wind quot; -- from a region located about ...
Women #39;s Soccer:  quot;Fab Five quot; capture Olympic gold ATHENS, Greece - When the first whistle chirped, US women #39;s soccer icon Mia Hamm thought it was merely a foul call. She wondered when the endless, harrowing gold medal match against Brazil would finally end.
Saved at the death JUST like ESPN Star Sports v StarHub, Manchester United left it until the very last moment to appease their followers last night. As thousands of Singapore fans waited right up to programme time for the live
This Date in Baseball for Sept. 12 (AP) AP - 1932  #151; Brooklyn's Johnny Frederick hit his sixth pinch home run of the season, a major league record, in the ninth inning to spark the Dodgers to a 4-3 triumph over the Chicago Cubs at Ebbets Field.
Aragones Investigation Begins Luis Aragons could lose his job as Spain #39;s coach after the Spanish Football Association launched an investigation into remarks he made about Arsenal #39;s Thierry Henry.
Stephen Dunn/Getty Images com. On a chilly, gray afternoon in St. Louis, Busch Stadium erupted on the sweet Jim Edmonds home run swing the Cardinals #39; faithful have come to know so well.
Lithuanians face US NBA stars in Olympic basketball showdown (AFP) AFP - A struggling United States basketball team coming off two narrow escapes and a epic loss faces its toughest Olympic test yet Saturday against unbeaten Lithuania, which is playing like the team to beat for gold.
Hamm Can Keep Olympic All-Round Gold  LONDON (Reuters) - American gymnast Paul Hamm will keep his  Olympic all-round gold medal after the Lausanne-based Court of  Arbitration for Sport (CAS) rejected an appeal from South  Korea's Yang Tae-young.
In Mr. Bush's Neighborhood, a Peculiar Intersection The relationship between President Bush and Wall Street has always been layered with paradox and outright contradiction.
OLDEST MAN DIES AT 113 November 21, 2004 -- DEWITT, NY - Fred Hale Sr., documented as the world #39;s oldest man, has died at age 113. Hale died peacefully Friday in his sleep at The Nottingham in suburban Syracuse, while trying to
Typhoon Fades Over Northeastern Japan, Leaves 5 Dead (Update1) Central Japan #39;s strongest typhoon in a decade left at least five people dead and five others missing as it swept through the region, halting air and rail operations before losing strength off the Pacific coast northeast of Tokyo.
More US struggles put Europs on cusp: Americans need repeat of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; President George W. Bush was a governor in 1999 when his reading of a William Travis letter from the besieged Alamo stirred the American Ryder Cup team into a frenzy
Trio Makes Web Data Transfer to Handsets Easier Have you ever gone online to get driving directions, only to leave the printout behind? Have you made movie plans, but forgot to jot down the show times? Or do you simply need an easy way to feed phone numbers to your cell phone? A trio of entrepreneurs believe they have a solution.
Theater: An unfortunate debut for Spacey LONDON  quot;Cloaca, quot; apparently, is the Latin word for  quot;sewer, quot; which might seem a strange image with which to launch a new theatrical regime.
Powell Cancels Athens Visit US Secretary of State Colin Powell has dropped plans to visit Athens and attend the closing ceremony of the Olympics following anti-American protests in the Greek capital.
Auto Makers Sue to Block New California Emission Rule DALLAS -- Auto makers filed suit Tuesday to block California from forcing the companies to make cars and trucks that emit lower levels of global-warming gases.
Bill Gates to Upgrade Fun In a revelation that should give late-night comedians two or three days #39; worth of snark fodder, the headlines this morning startled us with the news that the world #39;s
Fox fires Mexico City police chief Vicente Fox, Mexico #39;s president, on Monday fired Mexico City #39;s police chief and the commissioner of the federal police force charged with crime prevention, in response to the
Judge convicts Juventus doctor, acquits team chairman in doping &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Juventus team doctor was convicted Friday for administering banned substances to players on the famed Italian soccer team during the 1990s.
Middle East emerges as prime growth market for graphic solutions ATI Technologies Inc. (TSX:ATY, NASDAQ:ATYT), a world leader in the design and manufacture of innovative 3D graphics and digital media silicon solutions, today announced that PCI Express (PCIe)-enabled graphics
Chip shots BREADWINNER: There were 18 groups in Monday's pro-am at TPC Boston in Norton whose contributions benefited the Red Sox Foundation, but few had a better story than the one that included three generations of the Thumann family -- Henry Thumann, the 90-year-old founder of the deli meats company based in New Jersey, Robert Burke, and Robert Burke Jr. Thumann's used ...
Silva could miss group stage of Champions League due to bad back Arsenal midfielder Gilberto Silva could miss the entire group stage of the Champions League plus a handful of Premier League games due to an ailing back.
Thatcher  #39;planned to quit S Africa #39; Sir Mark Thatcher was planning to leave South Africa when he was arrested, authorities in the country said. The son of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is under house arrest and facing the possibility
Service Bundling Sweeps Up ServiceMaster profitably bundles services and pays a healthy 3.5 dividend.
Limited Brands Quarterly Earnings Fall (AP) AP - Fashion retailer Limited Brands Inc.'s third-quarter earnings fell 40 percent because of fewer one-time gains, the company reported Thursday.
MSN Music launch tomorrow p2pnet.net News:- Apple #39;s pre-eminence in the corporate online music retail market is about to be seriously threatened. Slightly more than a year ago, Bill and the Boyz said they were planning to develop something similar to Apple #39;s iTunes - only better.
Apple Unveils Its Latest iMac, Months Late Apple Computer Inc. rolled out its latest iMac desktop computer at a convention for Mac users in Paris Tuesday, a sleek model in which the processors and drives are packaged behind its 2-inch-thick monitor. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
UN welcomes Burma prison releases The UN welcomes plans by the military government to free some 4,000 prisoners, including political detainees.
Back in the swim: Peirsol, Coughlin give Americans much needed splash ATHENS - As the final leg of the men #39;s 4 x 200 freestyle relay began last night at the Olympic pool, the United States held a lead of at least 1 1/2 body lengths - which, considering the final 200 meters was being swum by 6-foot-6 Klete ...
Tribe forced to watch a Koskie Show rerun Minneapolis- The rest of baseball is hitting .330 against Terry Mulholland this season. The Indians do not know how that is possible.
Dinosaur Tales Argentina is a great place for a confab on catastrophic climate change, only Buenos Aires isn #39;t the city for it. The delegates to this tenth Conference of the Parties to
Traction bolsters enterprise Weblogs Traction Software this week rolled out Traction TeamPage and Communicator 3.5,  an updated version of the company's enterprise Weblog software.
Talks will be successful, hopes president NEW YORK, Sept 20: Expressing the hope that there will be a breakthrough in his first meeting with the Indian prime minister, President Pervez Musharraf said here on Sunday he expected the talks to get the impetus they deserved.
Arafat #39;s widow given medical files The widow of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has picked up his medical records from the Paris hospital where he died November 11, and was reviewing the information, her lawyers said.
Wall St. Bears Claw Back Into the Black (Reuters) Reuters - Short-sellers, Wall Street's dwindling\band of ultra-cynics, are seeing green again.
Court orders ISPs to identify song-swappers The British music industry has won a crucial High Court decision that forces Internet service providers to hand over the identity of people accused of using the Internet to swap free songs.
Oil Below  #36;49, Fears of U.S. Cold Snap (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices stayed close to  #36;49 a\barrel on Thursday, supported by a forecast for an early cold\snap in the United States that could put a strain on a thin\supply cushion of winter heating fuel.
Lebanese PM Resigns, Dissolves Cabinet Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , left, arrives at the the presidential palace to submit his resignation to President Emil Lahoud Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2004.
Extortionists hit US credit card firm A US credit card processing firm has been hit by intermittend and large-scale distributed denial-of-service attacks that have disrupted services.
Tavarez says Cards are better HOUSTON - A 2-0 lead in the National League Championship Series reinforced Julian Tavarez #39;s belief that St. Louis is better than Houston despite not having faced aces Roger Clemens and Roy Oswalt.
Goosen Dominates U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen was the only winner on a rainy opening day of the World Match Play Championship, beating Jeff Maggert by a record 12 and 11.
For Nascar, Playoff Gamble Wins Big The new 10-race playoff instituted this season has done all that Nascar officials had hoped, turning the droning fall stretch into a manic scramble.
Before-the-Bell: Accredo Health Drops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Accredo Health Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ACDO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ACDO.O&lt;/A&gt;  sank in trade before the opening bell after the provider of  pharmacy and treatment services for patients with chronic  illnesses slashed its fiscal 2005 profit forecast.
Orange County, Indiana still ready for Trump casino A southern Indiana county is keeping its hopes up for an economic revival led by Donald Trump #39;s casino even though his casino company has filed for bankruptcy protection.
Saudi to fight terrorists with prayers Saudi Arabia said Friday it has advised the nation #39;s imams they should condemn terrorism and terrorists in prayers during the holy fasting month of Ramadan.
RSA predicts looming identity crisis A DIRECTOR of technology for security outfit RSA Security has warned online customers are not  quot;authenticated enough quot; and there needs to be moves towards toward a mandated identity policy.
China #39;s worst floods in a century kill at least 172, injure &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China #39;s Sichuan province faced the threat of epidemics yesterday after the worst flooding in a century killed at least 172 people and
U.S. Troop Numbers in Iraq to Hit Record 150,000  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military will boost its  troops in Iraq to 150,000 this month, the highest level since  the war began in March 2003, in order to improve security for  scheduled Jan 30. elections, the Pentagon said on Wednesday.
Marlins shift games versus Expos to US Cellular Field Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Due to the approach of Hurricane Ivan in the South Florida area, the Marlins have rescheduled two of their contests against the Montreal Expos slated for next week to US Cellular Field in Chicago.
Virgin to Launch Commercial Space Flights (AP) AP - British entrepreneur Richard Branson said Monday that his company plans to launch commercial space flights over the next few years.
How Safe Is a Roller Coaster in the Sky? (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Last week's nbsp;announcement nbsp;by the Zero \Gravity Corporation that it would be offering weightless flights to paying \customers was good news for thrill seekers. nbsp; Those who sign up for the \experience will be treated to several stomach-rolling climbs and drops. nbsp; \Although the planes used are slightly modified commercial planes, tests have \shown that they can manage the demanding maneuvers.
India tests Agni II missile NEW DELHI, Aug 29: India tested its Agni II surface to surface missile on Sunday in overcast conditions, PTI said quoting defence sources.
File-sharers face the music in crackdown The BPI, the UK record industrys trade association, is targeting people who make their music collection available on the internet, illegally, for other web users to share.
HOW IT WORKS Giving Gamers Another Window on Their World THE newest piece of hardware in the video game wars, the Nintendo DS hand-held console, arrived in stores last month, out to prove that two is better than one, in more ways than one.
Eight terror suspects appear in British court Eight men charged with planning terrorist attacks in Britain and the US have entered no pleas in a British court guarded by some of the tightest security ever seen.
Hurricane Ivan Kills 20 in Grenada, Heads West (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Ivan killed at least 20 people\as it laid waste to the tiny spice island of Grenada, officials\said on Wednesday as the storm swept through the Caribbean\heading west.
Aerospace subsidy stand-off goes on EUROPEAN Union trade commissioner Peter Mandelson and Robert Zoellick, his US counterpart, failed to make headway on a trans-Atlantic stand-off over subsidies for Airbus and Boeing at a meeting yesterday, saying the dispute remains headed for World Trade
Labor trails in marginals LABOR has failed to make inroads in Coalition marginal seats, casting doubt on its chances of winning Saturday #39;s election. An exclusive Newspoll shows the Coalition hanging on to its lead in the seats Mark Latham must win.
Dell Delivers Help to Small Businesses PC maker will offer 24-hour help desk services, on-site visits, and more.
The fizz could go out of Sears merger euphoria New York -- Few things stir the heart of stock investors like a huge merger deal. And last week #39;s shotgun wedding between Kmart and Sears, two limping retailers, was no exception.
Disney Chief to Leave, Setting Off Race for Job Michael Eisner announced an exit on his own terms, shifting the spotlight from the debate over his leadership to speculation over his successor.
Bears' Urlacher Sidelined with Leg Injury  LAKE FOREST, Ill. (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears Pro Bowl  linebacker Brian Urlacher is expected to be sidelined  four-to-six weeks because of a lower left leg injury.
Iraq Reaches Olympic Soccer Quarterfinals  ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's fairytale Olympic run continued  on Sunday when they beat Costa Rica 2-0 to reach the  quarter-finals of the Athens Games.
Crude Oil Ekes Out Small Bounce (Reuters) Reuters - Battered oil prices struggled on\Friday to shake off this week's  #36;6 slump, edging up from a\12-week low after a massive round of selling triggered by\easing worries about winter supply.
ARM shares tumble on deal for chip firm LONDON ARM Holdings, a British semiconductor designer, said on Monday that it would buy Artisan Components for \$913 million to broaden its product range.
Unrest in Saudi Arabia spotlights terrorism battle RIYADH: The  quot;terrorist quot; murder of a French citizen in Jeddah and another shoot-out on Monday between suspected Islamist militants and security forces in the Saudi capital have
Free agent Pavano chooses Yanks Carl Pavano has made his long-awaited decision, instructing his agent to strike a deal with the New York Yankees. Scott Shapiro, who represents the free agent right-hander
Patchwork of FTAs won #39;t do - Doha Round crucial WORLD Trade Organisation (WTO) members have finally established a framework for negotiations to conclude the Doha Round. This is good news.
Why YAML?  Why not? I started a simple project a while back; all I needed to do was store some information about stuff around the office, and since it's a small office, I thought that a RDBMS system was overkill.  So I decided to go with XML.  After creating a document, I then decided to fight with XML DTDs, and tried to fight with both XML DOM and XML SAX for Python, I finally decided on an approach that built dictionaries using SAX, as described here.    After messing with it for a while, I decided there had to be a better way.  Almost by accident, I stumbled upon YAML.
Braves Beat Astros 6-5 to Force Fifth Game HOUSTON - John Smoltz, Adam LaRoche and J.D. Drew saved the Atlanta Braves from another quick playoff exit...
First Look: A BlackBerry for Phone Lovers RIM #39;s new BlackBerry 7100t phone represents a radical departure from the company #39;s text-centric roots. Research in Motion #39;s BlackBerry e-mail devices have gathered a loyal (if relatively small) following, and
Unprotected PCs can be hijacked in minutes (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Surfing the Web has never been more risky. Simply connecting to the Internet - and doing nothing else - exposes your PC to non-stop, automated break-in attempts by intruders looking to take control of your machine surreptitiously.
Chavez Pushes Anti-Terrorism Plan After Bomb Attack  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's President Hugo  Chavez pressed for a new anti-terrorism proposal on Saturday  after a car bomb killed a top state prosecutor investigating  opponents accused of backing a 2002 coup against him.
RealNetworks Riles Apple Diehards (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) was outraged when RealNetworks (Nasdaq: RNWK) first announced its intentions to go after its iTunes and iPod market share. It should not have been: Its customers, apparently, are more than willing to go to bat for Apple.
Damage at Shi #146;ite cemetery stirs up complex feelings in Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq -- Throughout the battle that smashed crypts, splintered memorial plaques, and scattered unexploded bombs across the Valley of Peace cemetery in Najaf, US troops painted the decision of the Mahdi Army rebels to fight among the graves as a sign of disrespect for the religion they say they defend.
Report: U.S. cybersecurity chief resigns WASHINGTON - The head of cybersecurity efforts at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has reportedly resigned this week, leaving his job after giving a one-day notice.
Griffin ships iTrip-Black FM transmitter for iPod (MacCentral) MacCentral - As soon as Apple announced its iPod U2 Special Edition model, clad in black and with a red Click Wheel, peripheral maker Griffin Technology Inc. announced its matching iTrip-Black FM Transmitter, a device that enables the iPod to play its music over a nearby FM receiver. On Tuesday Griffin announced it's shipping the new iTrip-Black. The iTrip-Black costs US #36;35.
Why a browser makes sense for Google? We speculated about it in May, the online world went crazy about a possibility as soon as they came to know about Google registering GBrowser.
Another Linux Desktop Hits Market Shelves Till now the adoption of Linux has been largely restricted to the server - thanks to disinterested ISVs and strong reluctance by Windows-only users.
US consumers tighten purse strings in August US consumer spending, a key pillar of the nation #39;s economy, was flat in August as Americans reacted to surging gasoline prices.
US may boycott ASEAN meetings when Myanmar takes over helm in 2006 WASHINGTON (AFP) - The United States warned it might boycott ASEAN meetings when Myanmar takes over the chairmanship of the Southeast Asian grouping in 2006, unless the military-ruled state improves its human rights record.
IBM puts faith in smart tags IBM plans to announce that it will invest \$US250 million (\$350million) over five years and employ 1000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks and radio identification tags.
Transco to sell 4 gas networks for \$10.4 bn National Grid Transco (NGT), the UK gas and electricity distributor, announced today a sale price of 5.8 billion (\$10.4 billion) in cash and 130 million in liabilities for four of its local gas distribution networks.
Smoltz, Lidge big factors in Game 2 The box score says John Smoltz and Brad Lidge did not figure in this Game 2 thriller. Typical of the  quot;win-at-all-costs quot; mind-set that the Astros and Braves carried into
APEC Ministers Start Trade, Security Talks (AP) AP - Top government ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday as police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.
Telstra to split network TELSTRA will make a dramatic corporate restructure in a bid to appease the competition watchdog and win over wary Nationals as the telco readies for its \$30 billion full privatisation.
Defense hard to dent It's impossible to lose a game if you don't allow any points. That's the primary reason Falmouth has a seat on the undefeated Bus after a 25-0 win over Nauset Friday, a victory that ran the Clippers' record to 5-0.
Shaq may play in Heat opener MIAMI -- Shaquille O #39;Neal wants to play in Miami #39;s opener today at New Jersey despite a strained left hamstring. O #39;Neal said after yesterday #39;s practice the hamstring felt awkward when he ran.
Haynes Emerges from Shadow of Williams Sisters  NEW YORK (Reuters) - We have heard this somewhere before.
Ponting says Kiwis aren #39;ta bogy side RICKY Ponting says cricket watchers have fallen for the  quot;myth quot; that New Zealand knows the secret to rattling Australia. Speaking before tonight #39;s Champions Trophy clash at The Oval, Ponting insisted the world
BAY AREA Skywatchers awed by total lunar eclipse Just four days shy of Halloween, the moon got festive Wednesday night and turned from corpse white to pumpkin orange and then blood red during a total lunar eclipse visible from every continent on the planet, except Australia.
Novell Puts Desktop Linux to Work Novell will begin shipping this week a desktop version of its open source Linux operating system aimed squarely at enterprise users.
Tech Whiz Aims to Boost Third World Care (AP) AP - Vikram Kumar is hardly your typical tech chief executive. He shares a two-bedroom apartment with a sister and a nephew and gets around town by bicycle or in a 20-year-old Mercedes Benz. The 28-year-old MIT graduate works days as a pathology resident at Brigham and Women's Hospital across the Charles River in Boston and only turns his energies at night to his business: improving rural health care in the developing world with handheld computer technology.
Cancellation of telecast rights  Constitution Bench to hear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE three-judge Bench of the Supreme Court, headed by Mr Justice N. Santosh Hegde, today referred the petition filed by Zee Telefilms challenging the cancellation of the telecast rights and re-opening the bidding process by the Board of Control for
Buses defy rebel blockade of Nepal #39;s capital KATMANDU, Nepal (AP) - A heavily guarded convoy of six buses snaked its way out of Nepal #39;s capital Thursday, the first vehicles to defy Maoist rebels who blockaded Katmandu this week with threats alone and without setting up a single roadblock.
Schumacher Clinches Season Title Michael Schumacher finished second at the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday, scoring enough points to clinch an unprecedented seventh Formula One drivers' title.
US Airways wants court to cut pay Bankrupt US Airways wants a judge to replace existing contracts for passenger service agents, flight attendants and mechanics with less-expensive ones.
Blair eyes full 3rd term LONDON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Friday from surgery to correct an irregular heartbeat, a day after revealing that he intends to serve a full third term if re-elected.
Update for Microsoft #39;s Windows Server 2003 secures new beta status Microsoft has strolled a little closer to delivering an update for Windows Server 2003 by showing a release candidate service pack for the OS.
African Union agrees to send more troops and civilian police to Darfur (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) - The African Union's Peace and Security Council voted Wednesday to boost the number of peacekeepers in Sudan's Darfur region and send a contingent of civilian police to monitor efforts to end violence that has driven more than 1.5 million people from their homes.
City comment The figures were not Stuart Rose #39;s fault, but if ever there was an occasion for a little humility, this was surely it. Instead, the new chief executive of Marks  amp; Spencer gave us his Brian Clough moment.
Two-newspaper group retains union backing Union members from Seattle #39;s two feuding daily newspapers voted yesterday to retain their local #39;s association with a citizens #39; group that is seeking to thwart moves by The Seattle Times that could lead to a shutdown of its rival, the Seattle Post
Hockey players reject NHL counteroffer BEIJING, Dec. 15 -- The National Hockey League has slipped closer towards losing - for the first time - a season to a labor dispute.
Stock Futures Whipsaw After Jobs Data US stock futures fell on Friday then quickly rebounded, after a US report showed job growth in August came in slightly below expectations.
Reds 4, Cubs 3, 12 innings Austin Kearns tied the game with a two-out double in the ninth inning, then hit a two-run homer in the 12th and the Cincinnati Reds dealt the Chicago Cubs a key loss, 4-3 Wednesday.
Protesters Seek Resignations After Fire Thousands of Argentines angered over perceived security lapses in a nightclub fire that killed 183 people, many of them teenagers, marched through capital streets Monday to demand the resignations of key city officials.
Ireland holds host France 0-0 in qualifying Ireland held host France to a 0-0 draw Saturday in a World Cup qualifying match at Stade de France. Defender John O #39;Shea missed a great chance to win the match for Ireland midway
Turkey ups the stakes in diplomatic battle over EU bid ANKARA, Dec 15 (AFP) - Raising its tone on the eve of a critical summit, Turkey warned the European Union Wednesday that it would not hesitate to give up its 40-year dream of joining the bloc if it is offered a status falling short of full membership.
Al-Sadr accepts cleric #39;s plan to end Najaf uprising, aide says NAJAF, IRAQ - Militant leader Muqtada al-Sadr agreed on Thursday to a peace plan presented by Iraq #39;s most revered Shia cleric, who rode into Najaf hours earlier to try to end the bloody three-week uprising.
Indian PM offers Kashmir new start as first troops pullout (AFP) AFP - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh offered Kashmiris peace and prosperity as he pulled an army battalion out of the troubled state and held out hope of further troop cuts.
Cards earn respect the old-fashioned way That was indeed a handshake line you saw moments after the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Dodgers in Los Angeles, three games to one, to settle half the bracket for the National League championship series.
Bodies of Two Westerners Found South of Baghdad (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi police have found the bodies of a\man and a woman, both believed to be Westerners, south of\Baghdad, the director of the hospital that received the corpses\said on Sunday.
Officials warn of Darfur ticking time bomb African authorities are warning of a further disaster in Darfur as massive quantities of arms and ammunition pour into the region.
ING ends link with  Baring name ING, the Dutch bank which bought Baring in 1995 for 1 after rogue trader Nick Leeson ran up losses of more than 800m, ending its use of the Baring name.
Macheads alive and reading Mac fans, known for their devotion to buying the latest and greatest from Apple Computer, are also apparently interested in themselves as well.
No. 19 Alabama Tops Minnesota 78-72 (AP) AP - Earnest Shelton made five 3-pointers and scored 29 points to lead No. 19 Alabama over Minnesota 78-72 in the semifinals of the Great Alaska Shootout on Friday night.
Warmer and wilder HAVEN, Wis. -- Perched high on the bluffs overlooking Lake Michigan, Whistling Straits is a massive, windswept landscape, as large a golf course as \$40 million can buy. It is complete with sand dunes that could double as ski slopes and deep bunkers that should require elevators.
Look alert--WebEx is watching The Web conferencing leader will release a product for sales calls that watches clients to see whether they pay attention.
US 30-, 15-year mortgage rates rise in latest week Interest rates on US 30-year and 15-year mortgages edged higher this week amid signs the economy is improving, stoking inflation concerns, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
Palestinians Choose Presidential Candidates  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian officials on  Saturday began registering candidates for an election to  replace Yasser Arafat as officials warned the vote may be  delayed unless Israel halted military activities.
Dutch Steelmaker Buying ISG in  #36;4.5B Deal (AP) AP - Steel tycoon Lakshmi N. Mittal announced plans to pay  #36;4.5 billion in cash and stock for U.S. steelmaker International Steel Group Inc., which had been cobbled together by onetime investment banker Wilbur L. Ross Jr. from mills whose parents landed in bankrupcty court.
C amp;W Says Sayonara to Japan UK-based Cable  amp; Wireless, which has been selling off pieces of itself or just discontinuing business in certain world markets it finds unprofitable, is trading its Japanese presence to that country #39;s Softbank Corp.
Soldier at Abu Ghraib Makes Plea Deal (AP) AP - The lawyer of one of the U.S. Army reservists accused of abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison said Tuesday that military prosecutors have agreed to drop some of their charges after the soldier agreed to plead guilty to the rest.
More troops may be sent to Iraq ABOARD THE USS JOHN F KENNEDY: US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld met 18 of his counterparts on an aircraft carrier in the Gulf yesterday to reassure them on US strategy for Iraq after saying more troops may be sent in for the January elections.
Industrial Production Inches Up in Sept. (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. industrial output inched up a\less-than-expected 0.1 percent in September, suppressed in part\by hurricanes that hit the United States that month, the\Federal Reserve said on Friday.
SEC May Charge That AIG Lied to Investors  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest insurer by market value, on Monday  said the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission may take civil  action against it for issuing "false and misleading" statements  to investors.
Thai PM Summons Emergency Bird Flu Meeting  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra  called an emergency meeting on bird flu on Wednesday after  experts said they had probably documented Thailand's first case  of human-to-human transmission of the disease.
Johnson  amp; Johnson to Buy Guidant Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ:NYSE - news - research) said Wednesday night that it would acquire medical equipment maker Guidant (GDT:NYSE - news - research) for \$23.9 billion in cash and stock.
North Korea Warns of 'Nuclear Arms Race' North Korea on Wednesday warned of a "nuclear arms race" in Northeast Asia following the recent revelation that South Korean scientists enriched a tiny amount of uranium four years ago, a news report said.
DoubleClick Says Quarterly Profit More Than Doubles Internet marketing company DoubleClick Inc. (DCLK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said quarterly profit more than doubled with one-time gains, but its shares fell after hours
IBM, AMD work on straining silicon IBM and Advanced Micro Devices have come up with a new way of straining silicon in a move that will allow them to make chips with better performance.
Ukraine Readies Knife-Edge Poll Amid Demo Threats (Reuters) Reuters - Ukraine prepared Saturday for a knife-edge\presidential election amid threats by the opposition contender\to launch street protests if he is denied the leadership by\cheating.
India PM to visit Kashmir camp Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has arrived in Indian administered Kashmir #39;s winter capital of Jammu on the second day of his trip to the area.
Ward still standing for US Score tied. One round to go. A shot at an Olympic boxing gold medal at stake. Apparently only US coach Basheer Abdullah didn #39;t know his 178-pound fighter, Andre Ward, was even with
Washington mayor says baseball deal nearly dead The deal to bring Major League Baseball back to Washington, DC, was described by Mayor Anthony Williams as close to dead on Wednesday after the City Council changed the plan to require private financing.
USA beats Australia For three quarters the US Men #39;s Olympic Team (2-1) chased Australia (1-2) and still heading into the final 10 minutes the Americans trailed 67-65. Stepping up its defense, the US reeled off 10 consecutive points to take control of the game and went on to ...
Middle East ; Straw upbeat on renewed Mideast peace efforts  quot;I #39;ll be leaving Israel and the occupied territories more optimistic than when I came, quot; Straw said. Much of Straw #39;s agenda focused on upcoming Palestinian elections to choose a successor to Arafat.
Wakefield works out the kinks The silver lining on a dark cloud of a night wasn't the result, but rather the work.
Britain Withdraws Iraq Weapons Claims (AP) AP - Foreign Secretary Jack Straw on Tuesday said British spy masters have formally withdrawn the intelligence that Iraqi troops could deploy some chemical and biological weapons on 45 minutes notice, information used as a rationale for joining the U.S.-led war in Iraq.
The Real da Vinci Code Is his mysterious three-wheeled cart a proto automobile? A remote-controlled robot? A rolling Renaissance computer? Follow the quest to rebuild Leonardo's 'impossible machine.' By Tom Vanderbilt from Wired magazine.
Conn. AG Urges Tougher State Action, Offers Own Insurance Reforms &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Despite charging that too many state insurance regulators have become  quot;industry captives, quot; Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal is rejecting calls for federal intervention in the regulation of insurance and instead urging more aggressive state
Search companies vye for the desktop All the major Web portals seem to be rushing delivery on one product this holiday: desktop search software. Microsoft plans to introduce a test version of its desktop search application in the coming days, meeting its stated deadline by a nose.
Update: Arrest made in Cisco source code theft Police in the U.K. have arrested a man in connection with the theft of source code from networking equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. in May, a Scotland Yard spokeswoman confirmed Friday.
First-time major winners Mickelson, Hamilton square off in Grand &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Masters champion Phil Mickelson and British Open winner Todd Hamilton took two very different roads to get to the PGA Grand Slam of Golf.
Polish rejection may derail EU patent directive The future of the controversial European Union (E.U.) software patent directive was thrown into doubt Wednesday after the Polish government indicated it could no longer support the legislation in its current form.
Oil Prices Edge Below \$49 a Barrel  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices edged below \$49 a barrel  on Wednesday as traders looked ahead to an expected build in  weekly U.S. inventory data that would help bolster the thin  supply cushion ahead of peak northern winter demand.
China landslide kills 23, rescue work halted (Reuters) Reuters - At least 23 people were killed in a landslide which hit a mountain village in southwestern China, where the search for missing people has been halted by fears of further slides, state media reported on Saturday.
Continental posts third-quarter loss HOUSTON - Executives of Continental Airlines Inc. on Tuesday reported a \$16 million third-quarter loss, which includes \$22 million in special charges related to retirement of leased MD-80 aircraft.
One year since YUKOS #39; head arrest RBC, 25.10.2004, Moscow 17:27:13.It has been one year today since former YUKOS CEO and its major shareholder Mikhail Khodorkovsky was arrested.
No. 1 Deacons Take On Providence Wednesday Night Television: ESPN2. Dave O #39;Brien (play-by-play), Len Elmore (color analysis) and Stacey Dales-Schuman (sidelines) call the action.
Lions improve to 2-0 on the road After going three years without a road victory, the Lions made it two in a row Sunday with a 17-10 victory over Vick and the previously unbeaten Atlanta Falcons.
UConn still gets a kick out of women's soccer When people talk about sports at the University of Connecticut, the subject most likely is basketball. Men's or women's, it really doesn't matter, since both teams won the national championship last season. But there's another sport on campus that, although it doesn't grab as many headlines, is just as well respected in its circles.
Investors say Microsoft Search can #39;t edge out Google and Yahoo So far, none of the respondents expected Microsoft to win a significant market share from Google and Yahoo. In the survey, Google clearly led the field in ease of use and search result quality, while Yahoo leveled with Google on additional features.
British hostage killed in Iraq: TV The British hostage held in Iraq by a militant group led by al-Qaida ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was killed Friday, pan-Arab Abu Dhabi TV reported.
Europe Routs U.S. to Start Ryder Cup Play BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - The United States sent out its Dream Team for the first match of the Ryder Cup, and it was all downhill from there...
Pennsylvania School District Retreats from Evolution A Pennsylvania school district on Friday defended its decision to discount Charles Darwin #39;s theory of evolution and take a lead in teaching what critics say is a version of creationism.
U.N.: Peruvians Relying on Food Aid Tens of thousands of Peruvians are surviving on international food aid after the harshest weather in decades devastated their harvests, the United Nations said Tuesday.
Arafat Has Liver Failure, Officials Say Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with liver failure on Sunday and his condition was getting no better, a Palestinian official said, as Palestinian leaders adopted in his absence a plan to restore order in their areas.
Lycos fights spam with screensaver Lycos is offering its customers a screensaver that helps to launch denial-of-service attacks on spammers #39; websites. The controversial move is designed to use the idle processing power of a computer to slow down the response times from spammers #39; websites.
U.S. government cracks down on P-to-P piracy U.S. law enforcement agents raided five homes and one Internet service provider on Wednesday in what the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) calls the first federal enforcement action against piracy on peer-to-peer (P-to-P) networks.
Scientists Find Arctic Warming Quickly Scientists say changes in the earth #39;s climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced by widespread
Voiding Giambi's Deal Easier Said Than Done The Yankees would like to void Jason Giambi's contract, but they continue to face serious roadblocks.
New Kazaa version to feature online calling Moving beyond media downloads, leading peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing company Kazaa, is now offering free, Internet-based telephone service via the Skype voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) application.
Jobless Claims Drop Despite Hurricane  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of people filing  first-time claims for U.S. jobless insurance fell 37,000 last  week despite continued elevated applications in Southeast  states struck by a rash of hurricanes, the government said on  Thursday.
Ukraine Challenger Predicts Mass Cheating in Vote  KIEV (Reuters) - Liberal challenger Viktor Yushchenko  predicted on Friday that Ukrainian authorities would resort to  mass fraud to ensure victory for the establishment candidate in  an increasingly tense weekend presidential poll.
Mixed reaction to killing of Veerappan Chennai, Oct. 19 (PTI): The killing of forest brigand Veerappan, and three of his accomplices in a gunbattle with STF personnel in Dharmapuri district last night has evoked mixed reactions from leaders of various political parties in Tamil Nadu.
For better or worse, college football needs Fighting Irish to be &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Those Domeheads hungering for further indication that their Notre Dame heroes are marching back toward prosperity needed only to check in on Fighting Irish head coach Tyrone Willingham #39;s weekly press conference to learn that things indeed are heading in
NHL: Impasse continues as league, union pass on proposals There is no end in sight for the lockout, which enters Day 89 today with 414 games gone. The NHL lockout continues with no sign of it ending.
Ohio State Says It Didn't OK Paper Writing (AP) AP - Claims by more former Ohio State football players that tutors wrote papers for them and fans arranged easy jobs don't indicate NCAA violations because the university didn't sanction or arrange the help, an athletics department spokesman said Friday.
Stocks tumble as oil surges again The Dow Jones industrial average fell 108 points to about 97-hundred-58. Decliners on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered advancers by a five-to-three margin.
Rwandan priest to be tried for alleged role in 1994 genocide (AFP) AFP - The landmark trial of a Rwandan Roman Catholic priest accused of supervising the massacre of 2,000 of his Tutsi parishioners during the central African country's 1994 genocide opens at a UN court in Tanzania.
SCO Files for Stay of Execution An anonymous reader writes  quot;SCO has filed for another delay in the case against IBM. The article reports that  #39;According to filings in the case, SCO is looking to buy time until the court can hear its arguments compelling IBM to release more information.
SBC to Build Internet Phone System for Ford SBC Communications (SBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it had won a contract from Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) to build an Internet-based telephone service
Industry reacts to Tech Pacific buy Resellers may feel the Ingram Micro acquisition of Tech Pacific in the pocket as their credit lines could be cut in half once the two firms join.
IBM buys content integration vendor To help its customers get a handle on all the data scattered across their enterprises, IBM Thursday announced plans to acquire Venetica, a privately held company that makes content integration software.
Vendors look to tame DRM standards with Coral LONDON - Six large technology and music companies announced Monday they have banded together in an attempt to bring some interoperability to the DRM (digital rights management) systems protecting digital content such as music and movies within the next nine months.
UN: Most Terror Attacks Cost Under \$50G The al-Qaida (website - news) terror network spent less than \$50,000 on each of its major attacks except the Sept. 11 suicide hijackings and one of its hallmarks is using readily available
Emmons wins gold in prone rifle American Matt Emmons won the gold medal Friday in the 50-meter prone rifle competition with a score of 703.3.
Norgren on the move at PGA Swedish golfer Marcus Norgren picked up three shots through five holes in today #39;s third round of the Australian PGA Championship on Queensland #39;s Sunshine Coast.
Golds All Round for Athens from IOC Chief Olympic supremo Jacques Rogge Sunday offered gold medals all round to Athens for organizing a superb Olympics after years of doom and gloom leading up to the opening.
Microsoft tries to clear confusion over SP2 A week after releasing Windows XP Service Pack 2 to enterprises, Microsoft is trying to quell confusion over an apparent security flaw and applications that won #39;t work without adjustments.
Management Shakeup May Lie Ahead for Fannie Mae AccountingWEB.com - Sep-27-2004 - Days after Fannie Mae #39;s federal regulator released a highly critical report on the mortgage giant #39;s accounting practices, observers say top management may not survive the fallout.
Delta, Pilots To Resume Talks ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines and its pilot union plan to resume talks on pay cuts Monday in Washington, after failing to reach agreement Sunday.
Iraq Rebels Strike Before U.S. Attack on Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - Rebels shot dead 21 Iraqi  policemen in cold blood on Sunday, a day after killing 34  people in attacks on security forces, in a clear show of force  ahead of an imminent U.S. offensive on insurgents in Falluja  and Ramadi.
Arafat #39;s nephew can likely get access to Palestinian leader #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS French officials may have found a way to both abide by their own privacy laws and still respond to demands by Palestinian leaders to answer questions about Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
French doctors check Arafat for virus French doctors are checking Yasser Arafat for viral infection after tests ruled out leukaemia and any other life-threatening illness, aides to the Palestinian leader said today.
Wal-Mart says weekly traffic rose Wal-Mart said Saturday that higher shopper traffic in the past week raised its comparable-store sales above the previous year. Free!
Pippen retires from NBA The versatile 39-year-old forward won six NBA titles with the Chicago Bulls between 1991 and 1998, playing alongside legendary shooting guard Michael Jordan.
Group Claims to Kill Kidnapped Iraq Troops (AP) AP - An Iraqi extremist group said on its Web site Thursday that it had killed 11 Iraqi troops taken hostage south of Baghdad and posted video of the bound men being shot or beheaded.
Students suspended for hacking Two students are suspended by Oxford University after admitting infiltrating its computer systems.
Is Intel Too Optimistic? Plus, Amazon's British invasion, it's showtime for Martha, and GM's desperation gets noisier.
Could Apple Blow Its iPod Lead? Rivals are stalking its consumer-electronics star, and history shows its strategy still has old weaknesses. But catching Jobs  amp; Co.
Root, root for Red Sox As hard as it might be for Yankee fans to finally disentangle themselves from Game 7 - it #39;ll be known as just that, Game 7, now and forever - there really are reasons to get out of
Ghana votes in presidential poll Presidential elections are taking place in Ghana, which boasts political stability but much poverty.
S.C. Residents Brace for Gaston CHARLESTON, S.C. - Rain doused the South Carolina coast early Sunday as Tropical Storm Gaston, just under hurricane strength, picked up speed and pushed ashore...
Ramirez injured as Red Sox beat Tigers 5-3 for 10th win in 11 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Manny Ramirez banged a ball off his knee. Keith Foulke had a stiff back. Neither was available at the end of the game, and yet the Boston Red Sox keep winning.
Corporate directors seek tax break, say fees not  #39;employment &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Members of corporate boards act as independent professionals, not employees, and this should be reflected in the taxation of their fees, a group representing directors says.
Greek Prosecutors Expected to Rule on Olympic Pair Greek prosecutors are expected on Wednesday to announce results of an investigation into whether the country #39;s top sprinters faked a road accident in a doping scandal that rocked Greece and plagued the Athens Olympics.
America's Car-Mart's Diversity The used-car retailer stabilizes results with an all-in-one strategy.
Valero to Buy Kaneb Services, Pipe Line Valero LP (VLI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will buy Kaneb Services LLC (KSL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Kaneb Pipe Line Partners LP (KPP.
Google Bets Big on Bringing Libraries to Web Google Inc. said on Tuesday it would digitize some of the world #39;s most important libraries in a bold effort that could profit the company by attracting more viewers to its site -- and its ads.
US economy grew at 3.7 percent in summer The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an expanding trade deficit, soaring
Video May Show Iraq Aid Worker Killed -Husband  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Margaret Hassan, a British aid worker  kidnapped in Baghdad a month ago, has probably been killed, her  Iraqi husband and British diplomats said on Tuesday after  viewing a video apparently showing her being shot.
At New Delhi talks, India cautions Rumsfeld on Pakistan arms sales NEW DELHI -- The United States will build stronger ties with India, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld vowed yesterday, but New Delhi said proposed US arms sales to Pakistan could affect its relations with Washington.
Roman face cream discovered and reproduced A cosmetic face cream used by fashionable women in ancient Roman times has been analysed by scientists at Bristol University, UK, and now reproduced.
Krispy Kreme: Auditor Won't OK Figures Shares fell Monday after the doughnut company said an independent auditor refused to sign off on its second-quarter financial statement until an outside law firm performed additional work.
Vigilante killings stun Mexicans Viewers watched the live television broadcast in horror: Plainclothes policemen begged for their lives before a mob accusing them of being child kidnappers burned two of them to death in front of cameras.
Tears of joy as Holmes runs the race of her life FOR the second night running there were tears for British athletics. But this time, in stark contrast to the shock and bewilderment of Paula Radcliffe, they were tears of utter
Thousands Flee Clashes in East Congo - U.N. (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of civilians have fled\their homes after clashes in the east of Democratic Republic of\Congo, the United Nations' humanitarian arm said on Friday.
Iran to halt some nuclear activities TEHRAN -- Iran said yesterday it is prepared to temporarily suspend some nuclear activities but would not surrender its right to enrich uranium.
Mac sees blue skies over ALH MACQUARIE Bank has had 55 people furiously working to stitch together the ALH deal -- underlining how significant an opportunity the bank regards securing a slice of the gaming and hotel businesses.
Cuban Doctor Returns Home From Argentina A prominent Cuban doctor returned home Thursday after an overnight stay at the Argentine Embassy that raised tensions between the two nations amid reports she was seeking political asylum.
Friends Remember American Slain in Iraq MARIETTA, Ga. - About 800 friends and family members gathered Saturday to remember Jack Hensley, who was executed by terrorists in Iraq after his Sept...
Iraqis aim to decide new assembly The Baghdad conference on Iraq's future goes into an unscheduled fourth day as a peace bid fails in  Najaf.
Manning ready to face Ravens #39; aggressive defense INDIANAPOLIS Peyton Manning has a shot at breaking Dan Marino #39;s record for the most touchdown passes in a season when the Indianapolis Colts face the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday.
Linebacker #39;s future in Miami uncertain The Dolphins #39; nightmare got worse Tuesday with news that linebacker Junior Seau will miss the rest of the season with a pectoral injury.
Microsoft Sues Spammers over Porn E-Mails Laws require that sexually oriented solicitations be marked with a label warning users of the content in both the subject line and the initially viewable area of the message.
Dell signs \$20M managed services deal with Honeywell Round Rock-based Dell Inc. (Nasdaq: DELL) has landed a three-year \$20 million contract with Morris Township, NJ-based Honeywell International Inc.
Consumer prices in US edge higher which jumped steeply the previous month - increased only modestly, official figures showed yesterday. Inflation
Air Force  Pitch for  Boeing  Detailed E-mail records show Air Force Secretary James G. Roche put pressure on opponents of a plan to lease Boeing 767 tanker aircraft.
Rodgers Hoping to Star in Cal Showdownn (AP) AP - This time, Aaron Rodgers is determined to finish what he starts against top-ranked USC.
Players, teams ready to emerge All Cedric Benson did three weeks ago was be honest. Texas #39; star senior running back said he would like to win the Heisman Trophy, maybe more than he #39;d like to beat second-ranked Oklahoma on Saturday.
World Bank Urges Poor Countries to Improve Investment Climates The World Bank wants the governments of poor countries to do more to improve their investment climates, action it described as central to economic growth and poverty reduction.
Fighting in Afghanistan kills 22 US forces backed by helicopter gunships killed 22 insurgents in southern Afghanistan, the US military said today. The fighting occurred late Sunday in Shinkay district of Zabul province, a hotbed
Chinese vendor offers Linux mobile platform FRANKFURT, GERMANY -- After launching two of the world's first Linux smart phones, China's E28 Ltd. is now offering handset manufacturers the opportunity to license its software and hardware designs based on the increasingly popular open-source operating system.
France Probes Radicals Fighting in Iraq (AP) AP - Prosecutors have opened an investigation into suspicions that French Islamic radicals have gone to Iraq to fight alongside militants there, judicial officials said Wednesday.
pSeries Dedicated Linux Servers Last Month saw IBM launch a range of very high performance, very cost effective Unix servers with the release of its latest pSeries machines.
U.S. Ryder Cup Team Losing a Fight for Survival  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The U.S. Ryder Cup  team, wounded after a first day mauling, were losing a fight  for survival Saturday.
Stewart geared up for Dover Tony Stewart knows his way around Dover and will attack the 1-mile speedway in today #39;s MBNA America 400 like a man with nothing to lose -- because, well, he has nothing to lose.
Southern Miss Looks to Extend Win Streak (AP) AP - Southern Mississippi hasn't lost a Conference USA game in nearly two years, but some Golden Eagles players aren't all that impressed.
John Madden I think we are going to see two chippy teams and the start of the game in particular may be a little different, both teams want their players to come out and be passionate, fired up and ready to play and I think maybe we will see both teams come out just
Oracle tries to turn up heat in takeover bid of PeopleSoft SAN FRANCISCO Oracle is trying to turn up the pressure in its long-running takeover attempt of PeopleSoft. Yesterday two of Oracles top executives -- co-president Safra Catz and chief financial officer Harry
Van Basten restoring harmony to Holland What can be done about Greece? Marco van Basten, Holland #39;s controversially appointed coach, yesterday turned his mind from what to do about Finland tonight to how international
Roundup: Austin wins Buick title in playoff Woody Austin is finally getting a grip on his nerves, and it is starting to pay off. Austin calmly made a 6-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole yesterday
Close encounter may have shaped solar system The outer reaches of our solar system may have been shaped long ago by a close encounter with another star that tore up both nascent planetary systems like colliding buzz saws, astronomers said on Tuesday.
Carb craze casualty Twinkies maker Interstate Bakeries Corp., the nation #39;s largest wholesale baker, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday after failing to meet auditor deadlines for financial reports.
2005 to be the busiest season ever The FIA have confirmed an unprecedented 19-race schedule for the 2005 Formula One season. All of the 2004 races have been retained, with Turkey joining the calendar for the first time.
Sirius falls after analyst says stock overvalued Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. (SIRI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell as much as 27 percent in early trading on Wednesday after an investment firm said the stock was overvalued
Barcelona beat Real Mallorca Two goals in two minutes from Cameroon international Samuel Eto #39;o formed the backbone of a 3-1 win for Barcelona away at Real Mallorca in the Spanish La Liga on Sunday.
One Really Ugly Mark on Star Gas Inscribe this stock with "losing customers, bad debt terms, and, maybe, bankruptcy."
Reaggravated injury forces Braves #39; Thomson out after four pitches HOUSTON -- Atlanta Braves starter John Thomson reaggravated a sore muscle on his left side and came out of Game 3 of the NLDS after just four pitches to the Houston Astros Saturday.
Printing giant ends discrimination case CHICAGO -- After a decade-long court fight, printing giant RR Donnelley  amp; Sons Co. has agreed to pay \$15 million to settle a race discrimination lawsuit filed by black workers at a now-closed plant.
Dallas rally shocks Seattle The rookie had 198 rushing yards and three touchdowns, helping Dallas erase a 10-point deficit with less than 3 minutes to play as the Cowboys stunned the Seattle Seahawks 43-39 on Monday night.
Martha Stewart to Judge: Jail Me Now Lifestyle guru Martha Stewart said on Wednesday she wants to serve her prison sentence for lying over a suspicious stock sale as soon as possible, so she can put her  quot;nightmare quot; behind her.
Cal doesn #39;t run it up -- and is run out of BCS Texas got into its first major bowl in seven years while laying on the couch. Cal perhaps didn #39;t by taking a knee. Jeff Tedford meets the press after learning that California will go to the Holiday Bowl instead of the Rose.
Sony to Boost Sales at US Discount Retailers Japan #39;s Sony Corp. said on Friday it was in talks to sell more electronics goods in North America through discount retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Cavs #39; ground game grinds up Tigers Theresa special bookcase in Al Grohs office completely full of game plans from his days in the NFL. Green ones are from the Jets.
Spitzer Expects to Sue Universal Life  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer, who is probing bid-rigging in the insurance industry,  expects to file suit against insurance consultant Universal  Life Resources as early as Friday, a spokesman for his office  said.
Blair meets with Iraqi PM Their meeting comes after the British PM played down claims that he had been warned a year before the war to oust Saddam Hussein of the chaos that might follow.
Ravens #39; Defense Sets Tone, Sidelines Steelers #39; Maddox in Victory BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Ravens rebounded from a stinging defeat by running over their hated rivals, the Pittsburgh Steelers. Jamal Lewis rushed for 62 yards and two touchdowns and Chester Taylor added a
Indian doubles pair crash out India #39;s hopes of an Olympic tennis gold medal evaporated last night when Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi lost 6-2, 6-3 to Germany #39;s Nicolas Kiefer and Rainer Schuettler in the doubles semi-finals.
No sign of revival for struggling Deportivo Bad luck and bad refereeing were the explanations offered by an out-of-form Deportivo Coruna for Tuesday #39;s 2-0 defeat at Monaco in the Champions League.
Nintendo sells 500,000 DS Handhelds in First Week Nintendo Co. Ltd. sold 500,000 Nintendo DS video game devices during the first week of sales in U.S. stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the Japanese game maker said Wednesday.
IBM #39;s Power5 beast takes on Sun, HP - and IBM Come November, customers will see the Power5-based p5-590 and p5-595 servers hit the market. The 32-way 590 is a direct replacement for the current Power4-based p690.
Singh tells Tiger to get back in swing SINCE only the late Sam Snead won more golf tournaments after he turned 40 - the American won 17 times while the Fijian has already claimed 11 victories in 16 months since he reached the same age - its fair to speculate Vijay Singh knows more about how
US Stops Short of Backing Brazil on UN Council Seat &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Saul Hudson&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - The United States stoppedshort of endorsing Brazil's ambition for a permanent seat on anexpanded U.N. Security Council but did say the country would bea "solid candidate."&lt;/p&gt;
Bunning, Osborne Win Re-Election Bids Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning barely won re-election to the US Senate on Tuesday, edging Democratic challenger Daniel Mongiardo by about 2 percent of the vote in Kentucky.
Russia Tops Slovakia in World Cup Hockey (AP) AP - Pavel Datsyuk, Alex Kovalev, Sergei Samsonov, Alexei Yashin and Alexander Ovechkin scored to help Russia beat Slovakia 5-2 on Sunday night in the final preliminary game in the World Cup of Hockey.
UPI NewsTrack TopNews A UN official calls for more aid for Sudan #39;s Darfur region, saying that 70,000 people have died there since March and the toll is rising by 10,000 every month.
BCCI likens cricket to beauty pageants NEW DELHI, SEPT 30: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Thursday countered the Union governments argument in the Supreme Court that the cricket board represents the state.
TiVo Upgrade Shifts TV Shows to Computer Laptop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - TiVo Inc., maker of television  recording technology, on Monday said it has started shipping  "TiVoToGo," a service upgrade that allows some subscribers to  view recorded programs on a computer or laptop.
Blue Jays Sign Third Baseman Koskie  TORONTO (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays signed  free agent third baseman Corey Koskie to a three-year contract  on Tuesday with an option for 2008.
Banks plan Series events New England banks are racing to make the most of their World Series tickets and marketing opportunities during the games. Citizens Financial Group distributed Red Sox tickets to about two dozen employees through a random drawing, while Bank of America Corp. is encouraging its Boston employees to wear Red Sox hats or shirts to work. An internal note asked employees, ...
Mo.-Based Charity Denies Terror Support (AP) AP - The attorney for an Islamic charity whose office was searched by FBI agents last week says the charity has no ties to global terrorism or to a Sudanese group with a similar name that is under federal investigation.
Lilly Sees Profit Lifted by Newer Drugs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eli Lilly and Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LLY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LLY.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it expects earnings in 2005 to rise to between \$3.05 and  \$3.15 per share before special items as growing sales of newer  medicines more than offset disappointing sales of its  top-selling schizophrenia drug.
Market leader He may just be a mild-mannered supermarket boss with a folksy Midwestern manner. But the store is Wal-Mart, the biggest. And Vanity Fair just voted him the world #39;s most powerful man.
The missing million LAST LABOR DAY, we took note of the jobless recovery. At that time, almost two years after the relatively short 2001 recession had been declared over, the American economy still was losing jobs.
Nortel Restatements Delayed to November Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the world #39;s largest makers of telecoms equipment, said on Wednesday it would miss by about two weeks its end of October deadline
EA to boost efforts in cell-phone gaming Gaming giant Electronic Arts will boost production of video games for mobile phones over the next nine months, bringing top-selling franchises  quot;Fifa Football quot; and  quot;The Sims quot; to handsets, the company said Thursday.
U.S. Defiance Undermined by Lack of Conviction  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich. (Reuters) - The words were there  but the conviction was missing as members of the U.S. team  vowed to produce another Ryder Cup miracle Saturday.
A Radio Challenge to Arbitron A new service will measure radio audiences in cars, combining global positioning technology and tracking of the radio dial to challenge Arbitron, the dominant radio ratings provider.
Fannie Mae to Meet Higher Capital Goal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Embattled mortgage finance company  Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to keep billions of dollars more cash  on hand while it corrects accounting problems, its government  regulator said on Monday.
GTA latest to sell 25m Tinsel town has leant its magic to a new video game with a Hollywood cast and an 18 certificate. The eagerly awaited PlayStation 2 Grand Theft Auto game San Andreas is expected to sell 25million copies worldwide for about 40 each.
Carter Lifts Himself Off Deck; Defense Is Steady at Helm After suffering a head injury on the third play, Quincy Carter returned to what ended up being his most effective game since taking over as the Jets' starter.
NL notables Dodgers outfielder Milton Bradley was ejected in the eighth inning after he slammed a plastic bottle down in the front row of seats in the right-field corner. A fan apparently threw the bottle onto the field one play after Bradley dropped a liner with the bases loaded.
China to Keep to Stable Yuan Policy-Paper  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China will maintain a stable monetary  and yuan policy as it tries to keep inflation in check, state  media cited a central banker as saying, amid resurgent  speculation Beijing may tinker with the rigidly held currency.
Oracle #39;s earnings top forecasts NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oracle Corp., posted a gain in fiscal second-quarter earnings Monday that beat Wall Street forecasts. The report was released three days earlier than originally scheduled because the
Microsoft Update Aims to Secure PCs against Attack Description: A new Microsoft upgrade tries to make Windows XP more secure against attack. Service Pack 2 contains a program -- known as a firewall -- that keeps out some destructive computer worms.
Button in Silverstone plea Jenson Button believes the potential loss of the British Grand Prix would be  quot;devastating quot; for Formula One. The race is facing the axe in 2005 because the British Racing Drivers #39; Club has failed to meet the asking price for promotional rights.
France seeking to put pullout on agenda WASHINGTON France said Monday that it would take part in a proposed international conference on Iraq only if the agenda included a possible US troop withdrawal, thus complicating the planning for a meeting that has drawn mixed reactions.
Death toll in Indonesian Sulawesi bombing rises to six (AFP) AFP - The death toll from a bombing in the Indonesian province of Central Sulawesi has risen to six, a hospital worker said.
On your mark A capsule look at the 10 drivers eligible for The Chase for Nextel Cup: 1. Jeff Gordon (5,050 points), No. 24 DuPont Chevrolet, 2004 winnings: \$4,992,175 -- Enters NASCAR's inaugural playoff as points leader after vaulting ahead of Hendrick Motorsports teammate Jimmie Johnson with a third-place finish in last Saturday's Chevy Rock n' Roll 400 at Richmond International Raceway . ...
Oracle-PeopleSoft a done deal? Investors bet that now that PeopleSoft has fired Conway, the way is paved for a friendly deal. That was how most Wall Street analysts summed up Oracle #39;s chances of finally acquiring rival software maker PeopleSoft
Arabs Enraged at U.S. Soldier Shooting Wounded Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Arabs were torn between seething rage at\images of a U.S. soldier shooting dead a wounded Iraqi in a\mosque and dismay at Iraqi insurgents in Falluja for turning\holy mosques into battlegrounds.
Election doubt as UN staff ask to pull out Fresh doubts were raised over the feasibility of holding elections in Iraq yesterday with reports that the already minuscule United Nations team there wants to pull out because of the dangerous security situation.
IBM upgrades blade servers Enhancements include a SCSI option that will double the number of SCSI blades that users can fit into a single chassis, and software designed to make them cooler and easier to manage.
US hails British decision to redeploy troops to volatile zone in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States on Thursday applauded Britain #39;s decision to agree to a US request to redeploy 850 crack troops in Iraq to a volatile area west of Baghdad, calling it a sign of London #39;s commitment to the Iraqi people and international security.
Israeli Helicopter Fires Missile in Gaza -Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into\a town in the southern Gaza Strip late on Wednesday, witnesses\said, hours after a Palestinian suicide bomber blew herself up\in Jerusalem, killing two Israeli border policemen.
Federer crushes Hewitt and sets new record FULLSTRETCH: Roger Federer of Switzerland returns a shot in the first set against Lleyton Hewitt in their Tennis Masters Cup finals match on Sunday.
Ministerial Meeting of the Arctic Council in Reykjavik on 24 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Foreign Minister Jan Petersen is attending the Ministerial Meeting of the Arctic Council in Iceland on 24 November. The most important item on the agenda is a discussion of the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment.
Senior Taliban commander arrested in southern Afghanistan (Kandahar, Afghanistan-AP) Sept. 26, 2004 - Afghan officials say an alleged senior Taliban commander and two fighters have been killed in a raid on a village home in southern Afghanistan.
US justice dept clears Cingular #39;s AT amp;T deal NEW YORK: The US justice department on Monday said it approved Cingular Wireless \$41bn plan to buy AT amp;T Wireless Services, creating the countrys biggest mobile provider, but it must sell assets to ensure competition.
Biotechnology Shaking Up the Pet World (AP) AP - The biotechnology revolution is shaking up the pet world.
Toshiba #39;s 1.8-Inch Hard Disks Are First To Use Perpendicular &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; You know that hard disk manufacturers have worked miracles to increase the areal density or storage capacity of any given size platter, but Toshiba Corp.
Bonneville adds three radio stations in Phoenix Salt Lake City-based Bonneville International Corp. has acquired three radio stations in Phoenix in a trade for a Chicago rock station and cash.
Dictators "Defacing" Famed Burma Temples, Editor Says &lt;I&gt;Traveler&lt;/I&gt; magazine's geotourism editor says the military dictators of Burma (Myanmar) are defacing medieval Buddhist temples at one of Asia's greatest archaeological sites.
As Afghan Vote Nears, Taliban Isn't Only Worry Many Afghans say they are more worried about a different source of abuse and intimidation during the presidential elections: pressure from local militia commanders to vote for certain candidates.
In Shift, Putin Says He Will Back Whomever Ukraine Elects Only days after mocking a call for a new presidential runoff vote, President Vladimir V. Putin said today that he would work with whoever is elected by the people of Ukraine to lead the country, a Russian news agency reported.
Wil Wheaton to speak at Macworld Expo SF (MacCentral) MacCentral - IDG World Expo on Tuesday announced that actor, author and self-described geek Wil Wheaton will deliver "a special feature presentation" entitled "Just a Geek" at the upcoming Macworld Conference  amp; Expo in San Francisco, Calif. Macworld Expo takes place at the Moscone Center from January 10 - 14, 2005, and Wheaton's presentation will take place on January 13 at 9:30 AM. There will be a book signing after his presentation.
IBM Stock Is Rising in Pre-Market Trading (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. stock rose in pre-market trading Tuesday, a day after the the company reported better than expected earnings for the third quarter.
GE to sell 60 of Indian BPO operation GE is selling a 60 stake in GE Capital International Services, its business process outsourcing subsidiary in India, for about \$500 million.
Blast Hits Northern Iraq Pipeline Saboteurs blew up a section of a northern domestic pipeline feeding Iraq #39;s biggest refinery at Baiji on Monday, oil officials said.
SI.com #39;s BJ Schecter breaks down a key Mountain West showdown Utes coach Urban Meyer is one of the hottest offensive minds in the nation and Utah will run wild formations with misdirection and trick plays.
Briefly: Amazon opens floor to political pundits roundup Plus: Sony picks up graphics tech for PSP handheld...LinkedIn links a million...AOL gives exclusive sneak peek for fall TV.
Stocks Turn Higher As Oil Hits Record High NEW YORK - Stocks enjoyed a late-day rally Wednesday to finish higher despite a new record price for oil and gloomy third-quarter outlooks from several companies. Volume was relatively light as investors awaited the government's jobs creation report at the end of the week...
Xstrata  #39;will have to raise bid #39; to win WMC XSTRATA, the diversified miner, will have to increase its A\$7.4 billion (3.1 billion) bid for WMC Resources if it is to succeed, analysts have said.
New Parks Offer Lessons Seattle and Denver have built baseball stadia that exemplify the vastly different results that come with new entertainment center construction.
Dementieva Beats Bovina to Reach Zurich Quarterfinal  ZURICH (Reuters) - Third seed Elena Dementieva came through  a scrappy battle with Russian Fed Cup team mate Elena Bovina  7-5, 3-6, 6-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the Zurich  Challenge on Thursday.
Intel Cuts Back Projection For 3rd-Quarter Revenue Intel Corp. lowered its revenue projections for its third quarter yesterday, citing slow consumer purchases across the globe. The world #39;s largest chipmaker reported that it expects revenue for the three-month period ending Sept.
Ferdinand can benefit from winds of change The gale that engulfed England #39;s footballers against Azerbaijan in Baku on Wednesday night would have had ominous significance in the times of Samuel Pepys, when a superstitious populace believed
Belo #39;s cutbacks will hit the heart of Texas: Providence Journal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Media company Belo Corp. said yesterday that it will cut 250 jobs, mostly at its Dallas newspaper and TV station. A company spokesman said cuts will be made across Belo #39;s operations,, though
Water on Mars: More Evidences The Mars Exploration Rover mission is part of NASA #39;s Mars Exploration Program, a long-term effort of robotic exploration of the red planet.
Chiofaro to keep stake in towers Developer Donald J. Chiofaro will hang onto partial ownership of the two International Place office towers under an agreement reached yesterday in his high-profile bankruptcy case.
Glorious Red Sox rout Yankees THE sign had said WE BELIEVE but the fan had crossed out the second word and rewritten it. As he brandished his board around Yankee Stadium in the late stages of yesterdays game, it read: WE KNOW.
Microsoft to Release Third Open-Source Project MicrosoftWatch: The Redmond software firm is set to make available more of its code under an open-source license on Tuesday. Microsoft is preparing to release a third piece of code under an open-source license
OracleSoft At Last Oracle announces a blowout quarter and a deal for PeopleSoft at \$26.50 per share.
Volkswagen, Union Make No Progress in First Wage Negotiation Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s largest carmaker, and the IG Metall union said they made no progress in their first negotiating session on a new contract and it will be difficult to reach an accord.
Civil servants face strike ballot Almost 300,000 civil servants will be balloted for a one-day national strike\against government plans to cut jobs.
S Korea to scrutinise Citigroup South Korea #39;s markets watchdog has said it is to inspect Citigroup #39;s local operations, days after regulators censured the bank #39;s Japanese business.
Red Sox end wait with surprising ease ST. LOUIS, Missouri This was for the believers. For Ted Williams and for Yaz and all the others who spent a career beneath a boulder that kept rolling down a hill.
End chaos call by PLO leader GAZA CITY: PLO leader Mahmud Abbas stepped up calls yesterday to end  quot;armed chaos quot; engulfing the occupied territories, as the new Palestinian leadership readied the ground for presidential elections in January.
Ovitz accused of leaking rumors to press in 1990s The shareholder lawsuit against Disney leadership took a melodramatic turn Thursday as a plaintiffs #39; lawyer accused former president Michael Ovitz of leaking
Kurt Busch Takes Nextel Cup Title (AP) AP - Kurt Busch overcame a broken wheel early in Sunday's race and came back to win the closest championship in NASCAR history.
Vagrant Killings Raise Fears of Brazil Death Squad  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - The beating to death of four  vagrants and the battering of several others in downtown Sao  Paulo have raised suspicions of death squads as crime soars in  this vast South American city, officials said on Friday.
Saturn moon may have ice volcano Saturn #39;s largest moon Titan may have molten ice welling up to the surface from its warm interior, data from the Cassini spacecraft suggests.
Lakewood company in \$3B deal The Swedish company Gambro AB will sell its Lakewood-based division to a California company for \$3.05 billion in cash. The division, Gambro Healthcare US, operates clinics for patients undergoing kidney dialysis and has 565 clinics and 43,200 patients.
Pier 1 Shares Up Home furnishings retailer Pier 1 Imports Inc. (PIR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a sharp fall in third-quarter earnings, but its share price jumped as analysts had feared worse news.
Season lidlifter renews heated conference rivalry Season openers like tonights dont get much more exciting than this. The NFL schedule-makers knew what they were doing when they sent
Group proposes faster Wi-Fi specification Networking consortium submits proposal for faster Wi-Fi, as battle lines are drawn between rival groups.
Rockies Edge Giants; Bonds Hits No. 698 (AP) AP - Jeromy Burnitz hit a tiebreaking two-run homer in the eighth inning to overshadow Barry Bonds' 698th homer and lift the Colorado Rockies to an 8-7 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night.
Yahoo Bolsters Local Search Business Listings Yahoo has quietly expanded its local business listings and rolled out a service that gives businesses control over their listings in Yahoo Local through a new paid inclusion program.
Beckham and Owen fit the bill for Real David Beckham has recovered from a virus and is expected to take his place in the Real Madrid starting line-up for tonight #39;s Champions League Group B clash with AS Roma.
U.S. FDA Adds Restrictions to Acne Drug  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Roche's acne drug Accutane and its  generic versions will face tighter prescription controls to  prevent harm to unborn children, U.S. health regulators said on  Tuesday.
City boss Keegan charged over referee criticism Kevin Keegan has been charged with criticising the referee after Manchester City #39;s weekend Premier League defeat against Newcastle United, the Football Association (FA) said on Tuesday.
Hostages in Iraq Face Death as Deadline Nears  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A deadline set by militants who have  threatened to kill two Americans and a Briton seized in Iraq  was due to expire Monday, and more than two dozen other  hostages were also facing death unless rebel demands were met.
CORRECTED - UPDATE 2-Franklin likely to settle brokerage charges &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In SAN FRANCISCO/BOSTON story headlined  quot;UPDATE 2-Franklin likely to settle brokerage charges soon quot; please read in 9th paragraph ... In September, an adviser for Newport Beach, California-based Pacific Investment
Restoring file-sharing #39;s good name Not too many companies that were around during the dawn of the personal computer revolution are still in business. Intel, Apple Computer, Microsoft, IBM - after them, names come to mind a little more slowly.
Three Pakistani soldiers killed near Afghan border (AFP) AFP - At least three Pakistani soldiers have been killed and seven injured in two separate attacks in the rugged tribal region near Afghan border, officials said.
Five Pacers Hit with Criminal Charges for Brawl Five Indiana Pacers, including NBA All-Star Ron Artest, were charged with assault and battery on Wednesday for their role in what authorities described as one of the worst brawls in US sports history.
3M Profit Misses Wall Street Estimates  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3M Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday reported a 17  percent rise in third-quarter earnings due in part to the weak  dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results fell short  of Wall Street's estimates for the first time in nearly four  years, sending shares down 5 percent.
NAT0-led peacekeepers seeking terrorist posing as cameraman (AFP) AFP - International peacekeepers in Afghanistan said they had received a tip-off that a  quot;terrorist quot; posing as a cameraman was trying to enter the capital.
Verisign loses legal battle with ICANN, again Verisign has lost the latest round of its legal battle against the Internet #39;s technical regulator ICANN. Judge Howard Matz of the District Court in Central California threw out Verisign #39;s allegations that
UK #39;s Branson to Launch Space Tourism in 2007 Richard Branson, Britain #39;s best-known entrepreneur and part-time daredevil, plans to launch the world #39;s first passenger service to space in 2007, offering zero-gravity flights for 110,000 pounds (\$198,600).
O #39;Malley ties closings to sex-abuse scandal: Archbishop calls &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a letter issued yesterday to parishioners, Archbishop Sean P. O #39;Malley for the first time acknowledged a link between church closings and the sex-abuse scandal, saying his mission is
European Shares Gain, But Bonds Slip  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets were lifted  Monday by a tech-led rebound on Wall Street Friday and gains in  Asia, but euro zone government bonds fell after hawkish  comments from a key European Central Bank official.
Air traffic seen recovering steadily Air traffic is seen increasing steadily worldwide in 2004, the International Air Transport Association said Wednesday. Passenger traffic for 2004 is expected to increase by 11 percent from a year ago, the
Next-Gen DVD Camps Prep for Price War HD-DVD backers say their format is cheaper and easier to produce than rival Blu-ray.
EU may be without executive over Buttiglione row The incoming head of the European Commission has been trying to end a dispute which threatens to leave the EU without an executive.
Fitful Mauresmo Through to Linz Semifinals Top seed Amelie Mauresmo reached the semifinals of the Linz Open when she continued her run of success against Ai Sugiyama by beating the defending champion 6-2, 6-4 Friday.
DoubleClick Rises on Buyout Hopes DoubleClick (DCLK:Nasdaq - news - research) vaulted higher Monday after announcing it had hired a financial adviser to explore options that include a possible sale of the company.
Barroso opts for last minute  #39;face saver #39; An eleventh hour face saving move by the President-Designate of the European Commission Jos Manuel Durao Barroso managed to diffuse an institutional crisis in the European Union yesterday.
Report: Islamic Group Says Behind Jakarta Bomb The Jemaah Islamiah group said in a purported Internet statement it carried out Thursday #39;s attack on the Australian embassy in Jakarta, and warned of more unless Australia withdraws forces from Iraq.
A hero, a monster, a Mideast icon As peace between Israel and the Palestinians waxed and waned over the decades, there was one constant amid the tumult: Yasser Arafat was at its centre.
Oil Closes Above \$50 Oil prices closed above \$50 a barrel for the first time Friday as concerns linger about damage to oil production in the Gulf of Mexico from Hurricane Ivan.
Grenade deaths fuel violence SECURITY forces were on high alert yesterday after a weekend grenade attack on an opposition rally killed 19 people and wounded hundreds, triggering more violence across Bangladesh.
UPDATE 1-Cricket-India call up Tendulkar for Australia tests  Cricket-Tendulkar gets go-ahead for Australia tests October 1, 2004 10:54:13 BANGALORE, India, Oct 1 (Reuters) - Sachin Tendulkar was named in India #39;s 14-player squad on Friday for the first two tests against Australia.
Iraqi, US Forces Patrol Sunni Triangle SAMARRA, Iraq -- Iraqi security forces are patrolling the Sunni Triangle city of Samarra after US and Iraqi soldiers claimed victory in retaking the city from insurgent forces.
Raiders #39; revamped defense still needs tinkering An online scouting service recently rated the Dallas Cowboys in a tie with the 49ers as the second least-talented offense in the NFL.
St. Louis Rams SEATTLE (Ticker) -- The Seattle Seahawks finished two games behind the St. Louis Rams in the NFC West last season. But with a victory over the Rams on Sunday at Qwest Field, the Seahawks will take complete control of the division.
Wi-Fi Alliance to Announce Interim Multimedia Spec Next week, the Wi-Fi Alliance will release Wi-Fi Multimedia, or WMM, an interim standard that will provide early quality-of-service functionality for multimedia equipment based on the emerging 802.
Death toll rises in Chinese coal mine explosion The death toll in a gas explosion in a Chinese coal mine rose to 64 on Friday and chances that 84 missing miners might still be alive were  quot;quite slim, #39; #39; the government said.
Dow Jones buys MarketWatch for \$519 million NEW YORK-- Business news publisher Dow Jones  amp; Co. said today it is acquiring MarketWatch Inc., an online financial news and information provider, for \$519 million in cash, broadening the company #39;s presence in the growing realm of online advertising.
War's Rationales Are Undermined Again The release of the account on Iraq's weapons is only the latest in a series of damaging blows to the White House's strategy of portraying the war as being on the cusp of success.
Medical Records May Go Online (PC World) PC World - Health industry, tech firms, government agencies might collaborate to\ build a secure database of patient records.
Drives cut vidcam bulk ON the heels of devices such as Sanyo #39;s Xacti C1 and Panasonic #39;s D-SNAP, which cut down video camera bulk by writing video to storage cards instead of tape or disc, comes the Everio range from JVC.
Public Officials Question Bank Of America Job Cuts Rhode Island Gov. Don Carcieri has joined a chorus of public officials questioning whether Bank of America broke commitments by ordering job cuts after its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Artificial Spinal Disk Gains Approval From the F.D.A. Johnson   Johnson will be allowed to market an artificial spinal disk in the U.S. as a new form of treatment for people with severe lower back pain.
China  Condemns Whistle-Blower A Communist Party whistle-blower who created a national sensation in China by publicly accusing his superiors of tolerating official corruption has been condemned for breaking party rules and ordered to "do a complete self-examination," authorities announced.
Reports: Halo 2 already on sale in Midwest Roughly a month before its November 9 release, a pirated version of Halo 2 began to be widely circulated around the Web. Now, it seems the game is once again falling into gamers #39; hands earlier than Microsoft and Bungie had planned.
Henne displays true leadership under pressure in winning drive He had come this far, from high school senior to Michigan #39;s starting quarterback in the blink of a few months, sheesh, what was another 87 yards to validation?
Tech Stocks Rise; Blue Chips Struggle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology stocks rose on  Thursday as profits from eBay Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest online market place, helped lift the Nasdaq.
Brown Shoe Earnings Drop 32 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Brown Shoe Co. Inc. (BWS.N) on\Wednesday posted a 32 percent drop in quarterly earnings, hurt\by slack sales from its children's unit, Bass wholesale\business and Naturalizer chain.
Dawn Blasts and Gunfire Rock Heart of Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - More than a dozen explosions shook  central Baghdad at dawn on Sunday and heavy gunfire erupted in  a street at the heart of the city, leaving a U.S. armored  vehicle on fire, witnesses said.
SGI works on Linux performance software SGI begins work on an open-source version of a development tool for high-performance computing programmers.
China Sets Condition for Resuming Talks with Taiwan  BEIJING (Reuters) - Talks between diplomatic rivals Taiwan  and China could resume if the island sticks to a 1992  interpretation of the "one China" principle, Chinese newspapers  on Monday quoted a top negotiator with Taiwan as saying.
Hollywood fights illegal downloads by targeting servers Hollywood #39;s major studios intend to escalate their battle against illegal movie downloading by targeting the popular BitTorrent network and those who operate
UPDATE 3-PacifiCare to buy American Medical for \$502 mln PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. (PHS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it agreed to buy American Medical Security Group Inc.
Preliminary nuclear pact OK'd, Iran says TEHRAN -- Hoping to avoid a UN showdown, Iran and the European Union's three big powers reached a preliminary agreement over Tehran's nuclear program, Iran's chief negotiator said yesterday.
Wind turbines coming to Ontario; province inks 10 renewable energy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - More towering wind turbines will be sprouting up across Ontario after the government signed deals for five private wind-energy projects as part of a bid to make renewable energy a reality in the province.
Playoff preview? Hot Red Sox, A #39;s meet But first, two of the hottest teams in the majors get a chance to feel each other out for three games at Network Associates Coliseum.
Predictable Scots are punished by Iversen Scotland #39;s prospects of qualifying for the World Cup from Group 5 - or even of securing victory in Moldova on Wednesday - turned from dark grey to pitch black yesterday, when a predictably uninspired beating from Norway left them with one point from their
Taking the peace  #39;should #39;. This year they seem to have foundered on a photograph. In 2003, Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams said the Provisional
Crude Oil Prices Climb to Record Before US Inventory Report Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil prices rose to a record in New York before a government report that #39;s expected to show the third straight weekly drop in US crude oil inventories.
Lebanese police release detained sisters of dead Al-Qaida detainee Police on Tuesday released two sisters of the alleged al-Qaida leader in Lebanon who died of a heart attack in custody, security officials said.
Napster Creator Touts Legal File Sharing (AP) AP - Shawn Fanning's Napster software enabled countless music fans to swap songs on the Internet for free, turning him into the recording industry's enemy No. 1 in the process.
Maxim Pharmaceuticals cancer drug disappoints in trials SAN DIEGO - Shares of Maxim Pharmaceuticals Inc. nearly halved in value Monday, following news that its Ceplene drug failed to improve survival in a trial of patients with malignant melanoma where the cancer had spread to the liver.
North Carolina Stuns No. 4 Miami 31-28 Barth #39;s 42-Yard Field Goal on Final Play of Game Gives North Carolina 31-28 Upset of No. 4 Miami. North Carolina #39;s Scott Brumett (87) runs past Miami players Greg Threat (5) and Tavares Gooden (52) for a 18
Saturn moon Titan remains  quot;very alien quot; to researchers LOS ANGELES Saturn #39;s moon Titan has some familiar-looking features, but scientists say most of it looks  quot;very alien. quot;.
IPass To Offer Flat-Rate Hotspot Pricing Aggregator says it expects flat-rate pricing to simplify budgeting for enterprises and to increase usage of hotspots. By Mobile Pipeline News.
National Cyber Security Alliance Names October as National Cyber &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA), a not-for-profit, public-private partnership focused on driving awareness and promoting education of cyber security within home user, small business, and education audiences, today announced October as National
Brown has no room for giveaways The Chancellor has faced bad news on government tax revenues and borrowing so far this year - too little tax revenue, too much borrowing.
Terrorism, Debt Loom Over Australia Election Prime Minister John Howard doesn #39;t have one new Tampa #39; #39; heading into next month #39;s Australian election, but two. The MV Tampa was the vessel Howard #39;s party rode to victory in November 2001, figuratively speaking.
SpaceShipOne: Monday Launch Is On After a day spent reviewing its spectacular but wild spaceflight Wednesday, aerospace visionary Burt Rutan #39;s team is sticking to its plan to try to capture the Ansari X Prize with a second launch on Monday.
Morrison to sell 114 Safeway stores William Morrison Supermarkets has agreed to sell 114 small Safeway stores and a distribution centre for 260.2 million pounds. Morrison bought these stores as part of its 3 billion pound
Update 6: Dutch Steelmaker Buying ISG in \$4.5B Deal Steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal announced plans Monday to take over US steelmaker International Steel Group as part of a three-way merger to create a global metals mammoth.
Micropower 'could fuel UK homes' Household-scale renewable energy schemes could provide power for many British familes, conservationists say.
Waistline linked to health risks Scientists believe measuring your waist could be a better indicator of future health than weighing yourself.
Gillard out of shadow treasurer race Julia Gillard has reportedly bowed out of the race to become shadow treasurer, taking enormous pressure off Opposition Leader Mark Latham.
A winning situation Pleasantly Perfect lost his last race, but that didn't diminish his standing as the top handicap runner in the country. It will take more than one defeat to knock the horse who won the \$4 million Breeders' Cup Classic in October and the \$6 million Dubai World Cup in March off his perch. He has a chance to get back ...
Kenyan sues over 'HIV sacking' A woman is allowed to bring Kenya's first lawsuit for alleged discrimination for being HIV positive.
EU #39;s Barroso not to reshuffle team Incoming EU Commission head Jose Manuel Barroso says he will not replace EU nominee Rocco Buttiglione as justice chief in a controversy over his views on homosexuality and marriage, an EU lawmaker says.
Lockheed CEO Sees World  of Potential Named Lockheed's top executive in August, Robert J. Stevens presides over the biggest defense contractor in the world at a time of shifting military priorities and precarious defense budgets.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Harmony hopes dented by low tender of Gold Fields shares The chance of Harmony succeeding in its hostile bid for Gold Fields was starting to fade, analysts said yesterday after Harmony received about a third of the shares it had hoped
Hunters Off the Hook for Bison Declines WASHINGTON Nov 25, 2004 - Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Colombian Faction Seeks Probe of Killing Paramilitary leaders demanded an investigation into the killing of one of their top commanders in an ambush, saying Tuesday that his slaying endangered the peace process with the government.
Martin Short Film Closes Toronto Festival TORONTO - There could hardly be a more appropriate movie to close the Toronto International Film Festival Saturday night than Martin Short's "Jiminy Glick in Lalawood."   Shot at the festival in 2002 with a bevy of star cameos, the schmoozefest satire plops the obese and obnoxious celebrity interviewer Jiminy Glick (Short in a fat-suit) into a murder-mystery. It's like "The Player" on laughing gas...
Sleep Disorders Traced to Genes Can't wake up before lunchtime? Blame your ancestors. Researchers now suspect that night owls inherit their sleeping patterns and are launching a study that could lead to new gene therapy for sleep disorders. By Randy Dotinga.
7 hostages released by Iraqi captors but violence continues Iraqi kidnappers released two Italian aid workers and five other hostages Tuesday, raising hopes for at least 18 foreigners still in captivity.
Staying power of Google Inc.? Time will tell Investors who got in on the ground floor of Google Inc. #39;s public stock offering might be tempted to pop some champagne corks right about now.
Act of desperation The nations largest video chain says there will be no more late fees charged on any movie or game rental at its more than 4,500 US outlets, starting Jan. 1. Blockbuster (BBI, news, msgs) said it spilled
Iran, EU Reach Tentative Nuclear Deal Iran and the European Union #39;s three big powers have reached a tentative deal that could see Tehran avert UN Security Council sanctions over its disputed nuclear program, Iranian and EU officials said on Sunday.
10 facts you should know about outsourcing The shipment of jobs overseas is one of the most pressing economic issues of the presidential campaign. Here are 10 key facts of the matter.\
Tokyo Stocks Edge Lower, Dollar Down (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks edged lower Wednesday for the second straight day, led by export-dependent technology and automobile issues following Wall Street's overnight retreat. The U.S. dollar slid against the Japanese yen.
Bali blast remembered two years later In beach shorts and black armbands, mourners met on Tuesday under blue Bali skies for an emotional ceremony to remember 202 people killed two years ago when bombs tore through the heart of Indonesia #39;s resort island.
Producer: Melanie Yip Russian President Vladimir Putin has admitted failings on the part of Russian Security Services. This, following last week #39;s school hostage crisis in the southern Russian town of Beslan.
Intel drops plans to make Grantsdale chip a Wi-Fi access point Intel has dropped plans to turn its latest batch of chip sets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from PC vendors and the rising number of stand-alone access points.
Kidd Practices, Might Play Monday  EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ (Sports Network) - New Jersey guard  Jason Kidd practiced with the team for the first time since  undergoing knee surgery in July and he could be on the court  Monday.
Yankees face Red Sox next as expected Kind of makes you wonder why they had to play those first 166 games, doesn #39;t it? It was always going to be Yankees-Red Sox. The entire season built to this, the same way last season did.
Students Show Mixed Science, Math Scores (AP) AP - U.S. eighth-graders are gaining on their peers across the globe in science and math, but fourth-graders are being passed as their test scores remain stagnant, according to an international review of school performance.
Microsoft Challenges Rivals With New Online Music Service icrosoft started selling music tracks yesterday on its MSN online service, taking on Apple Computer and a host of others in the fast-growing market for digital music.
Unilever to axe 600 jobs at frozen food factory LONDON : Unilever, the Anglo-Dutch consumer products giant, is to close a frozen-food plant in Grimsby, northern England, next year with the loss of 600 jobs, a spokesman said.
Juniper boosts end-point security Company adds new features to its SSL VPN gateway to make sure devices connecting to a network are clean.
Reborn WorldCom in search of \$6bn buyer MCI, the telecom giant that used to be called WorldCom, has appointed bankers to explore a possible sale of the business. WorldCom has only recently emerged from what was
Lakers Help Rudy T Enjoy Homecoming (AP) AP - Lamar Odom had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and the Los Angeles Lakers held on to give Rudy Tomjanovich a victory over the Houston Rockets 84-79 Saturday night. The Lakers blew a 22-point lead they held in the third quarter, but still managed to give Tomjanovich a win over his former team.
Moss Has Slight Tear in Hamstring  EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings  wide receiver Randy Moss will not play at full speed for a few  weeks after an MRI Thursday revealed a slight tear in his  injured right hamstring.
No. 21 Wisconsin Trounces Penn 77-44 (AP) AP - Mike Wilkinson scored all but two of his 19 points in the second half and Brian Butch had a memorable debut in No. 21 Wisconsin's 77-44 rout of Penn on Saturday night.
Leyland Reflects on the Job That Got Away Ed Wade squared his shoulders behind the faux-wood podium, fixed his eyes and almost defiantly spit out his announcement written on the folded piece of paper in his hand.
Sex-bias suit filed against Costco A Costco Wholesale assistant manager sued the warehouse-club chain yesterday in federal court, alleging the company #39;s promotion policies keep women from seeking out the top two positions at its stores.
Asteroid makes close pass An asteroid named after a Celtic god of war will this week make its closest journey past Earth for 651 years. The space rock known as Toutatis will come within 960,000 miles (about 1.5 million km) of Earth on Wednesday.
UN hostages held for 4 weeks in Afghanistan freed KABUL, Afghanistan -- Three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan four weeks ago were released unharmed today, a day after a string of raids by US and Afghan security forces.
Wash. Orders 3rd Count in Governor Race (AP) AP - The secretary of state ordered an unprecedented statewide hand recount Monday in the closest gubernatorial race in state history.
Wal-Mart sales stoke recovery fears Worries about the sustainability of the US economic recovery were stoked om Sunday after the stores group Wal-Mart, seen as a bellwether for the country #39;s
Slimmer PlayStation triple sales Sony PlayStation 2 #39;s slimmer shape has proved popular with UK gamers, with 50,000 sold in its first week on sale. Sales have tripled since launch, outstripping Microsoft #39;s Xbox, said market analysts Chart-Track.
Hopes fade for 58 missing after Philippines storm toll rises to eight (AFP) AFP - Hopes are fading for 58 fishermen missing at sea after a powerful storm that slammed into the Philippines, left eight people dead and tens of thousands homeless.
James Toney Breakdowns Hopkins/De La Hoya 13.09.04 - Three-division world champion and current #1 WBC heavyweight contender James Toney, deep into preparations for his September 23 bout with Rydell Booker at the Pechanga Resort and Casino in Temecula, California, is a man who doesnt mince
Australia says claim troops in covert actions in Iraq "incorrect" (AFP) AFP - A report claiming that specially trained Australian soldiers are taking part in US-led covert jobs in Iraq, including kidnapping, was "factually incorrect and misleading," the government said.
Small Syrian force withdraws from Lebanon as part of redeployment About 300 Syrian soldiers in a convoy of trucks and armored vehicles crossed the Lebanese border into Syria early Thursday as part of a partial troop withdrawal that began two days ago, Lebanese security officials said.
Rebels threaten to kill kidnapped election workers A militant group claiming to have kidnapped three foreign election workers in Afghanistan told news agencies Saturday that the hostages would be killed unless all Taliban
Hundreds rally for peace in Nepal Several hundred people come out in Kathmandu to press for an end to the country's long-running civil war.
Apple criticised for download costs Apple computer is facing an inquiry by the Office of Fair Trading after it was criticised for selling music downloads to UK customers at higher prices than in other European countries.
IBM Unveils New TotalStorage Servers  quot;Our goal is to be number one in the data-storage system market, quot; says Cindy Grossman, director of IBM #39;s TotalStorage programs.
Dell introduces new compact desktop PC Dell Inc. updated its line of slim consumer Dimension desktop PCs Tuesday with a multiformat expansion card reader, the first time such a feature has appeared in a Dell PC, a company spokesman said.
Big profits don #39;t mean big tax bills In at least one of the past three years, 82 of the largest US companies paid no federal income taxes, a report released Wednesday said.
NCAA Top 25 Game Summary - Temple at Maryland Washington has scored four of Temple #39;s five touchdowns this season, but has yet to throw for a score...The Owls have lost 19 straight against nationally ranked opponents...Maryland improved to 21-1 at home under head coach Ralph Friedgen.
CORRECTED - UPS buys CNF #39;s Menlo Worldwide Forwarding In NEW YORK item, please read headline as ...UPS buys CNF #39;s Menlo Worldwide Forwarding... instead of ...UPS buys CNF #39;s Menlo Worldwide for cash,debt... (Clarifies that UPS buying just a unit, not whole of Menlo Worldwide).
Report: Other Drugs May Raise Heart Risks (AP) AP - The safety of Celebrex and other pain relievers was questioned Wednesday as scientists in the United States and regulatory agencies in Europe said they feared such drugs might raise the same risk of heart problems as those blamed on the arthritis medicine Vioxx.
Micro Focus lifts and shifts Cobol to Linux Micro Focus has extended its  #39;Lift and Shift #39; legacy Cobol migration service, adding the option of migrating CICS-based mainframe Cobol applications to HP and IBM Unix and Linux servers.
Disney begins new CEO hunt Bowing to pressure from investors, Disney #39;s board of directors said yesterday that it expects to name a successor to embattled Disney chief Michael Eisner by next June.
Up to 30 Militants Killed by Police in Nigeria Police say up to 30 armed militants have been killed as a result of clashes in Nigeria #39;s mountainous border region with Cameroon.
A 53-Minute Dress Rehearsal for Serena Williams Warming up in black, knee-high tennis boots, Serena Williams rolled to a 6-1, 6-3 victory over Sandra Kleinova on opening night at the United States Open.
Britain #39;s unluckiest punter dies A pensioner who lost out on a near 1m betting jackpot has died hours before he was to be given a share of another winner #39;s windfall.
Strong Quake Kills at Least 3 in Northern Japan An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.8 and several aftershocks hit northern Japan on Saturday, killing at least three people and injuring more than 250 while knocking
Avoid These Dangerous Toys! Despite passage of the 1994 Child Safety Protection Act, hazardous toys can still be found on toy store shelves across the country, according to a nationwide toy safety survey released by the US Public Interest Research Group (US PIRG).
McDonald #39;s tests MasterCard PayPass NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - McDonald #39;s Corp. announced Wednesday it would launch later this year a new  quot;contactless quot; payment option called MasterCard PayPass, which lets customers simply wave or tap the card to complete a quick transaction.
Insurgents kill 23 Iraqis countrywide Guerrillas have shot dead 17 Iraqis working for US forces north of Baghdad and killed six other people, including three Iraqi National Guards, taking the toll from three days of violence to more than 70.
Bosnians Vote for Local Councils and Mayors  SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Bosnians voted Saturday in local  elections in which the main Muslim, Serb and Croat nationalist  parties are expected to confirm their dominance nine years  after the end of the 1992-5 war.
Lowe ready for a rude welcoming Derek Lowe doesn't expect to pass unnoticed on the Red Sox' first trip back to Oakland, Calif., since his dramatic save in Game 5 of their division series last October -- and his subsequent vulgar gesture toward the A's dugout immediately after the final out.
Stocks Rise on Drop in Oil, Fed Comments NEW YORK - A drop in oil prices and reassuring words from the Federal Reserve sent stocks higher Monday, raising hopes that Wall Street would be able to extend its recent rally.    Investors were cheered by a dip in oil prices, which backed off the \$50 per barrel mark at Friday's close of trading...
Akamai boosts Web application services The company fills out its hosted application lineup with four products designed for e-commerce Web sites.
Wenger frustrated with Arsenal Trondheim, Norway - Arsene Wenger made his frustration clear after a hesitant display against Norwegian champions Rosenborg left Arsenal with everything still to play for in their Champions League group.
Lighthouse Luke shines out brightly HE may never have started a competitive match for the Dragons, but Luke Charteris was at ease on the international stage last night.
Australia 53-0 after conceding 141-run lead against India (AFP) AFP - Australia, trailing India by 141 runs on the first innings, were 53 for no loss in their second knock at tea on the third day of the second cricket Test here.
Borders 2Q Profits Soar 89 Percent Borders Group Inc. #39;s second-quarter profits rose 89 percent on stronger-than-anticipated book sales and topped Wall Street #39;s estimates. The company also increased its full-year earnings outlook.
Broadband to get power boost in Big Apple EarthLink plans to begin testing power line broadband connections in Manhattan in November.
Sharon steps up efforts to form national unity govt JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon stepped up efforts on Friday to overcome resistance in the ranks of his right-wing Likud party to an enlarged government coalition with the centre-left Labour, ahead of a decisive party meeting.
Respect Lebanon #39;s sovereignty by respecting the Constitution The sovereignty of Lebanon has suddenly become an issue of regional and global interest, including resolutions in the US Congress and the United Nations Security Council.
US Open Finals Feature No Americans Description: NPR #39;s Jennifer Ludden talks to Tandelaya Wilder, host of She Got Game, about the results of the US Open tennis finals.
Yankees Extend A.L. East Lead Gary Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada homered off an ineffective Pedro Martinez, and Mike Mussina gave the Yankees another excellent outing on Sunday.
Yukos shares plunge more than 30 percent MOSCOW (AFP) - Shares in the Russian oil group Yukos plunged by more than 30 percent in midday trading on the Moscow stock exchange to below a dollar per share.
Dyson Masters Swiss Course Englishman Simon Dyson took advantage of the excellent conditions at the stunning Crans-sur-Sierre course in Switzerland to move to the top of the leaderboard on the second morning of the Omega European Masters.
Carmelo Up Close com. DENVER (News 4) Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony says he has a tactic when he finds himself in frustrating situations with opposing fans.
Federer and Henin-Hardenne Get the Top Spots for U.S. Open Roger Federer will open against Albert Costa, and Justine Henin-Hardenne will play a qualifier when the tournament begins Monday.
Death count climbs to 622 in storm-devastated Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti -- The death toll from a tropical storm that devastated parts of Haiti rose to 622 late yesterday as search crews recovered hundreds of bodies carried away by raging weekend floods or buried by mud or the ruins of their homes, officials said.
California Regulator Is Suing Four Insurers and a Broker It Says Received Kickbacks The California insurance commissioner said on Wednesday night that the broker had agreed to cooperate in developing a case against the insurers.
Steelers' Maddox Out With Elbow Injury (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Tommy Maddox left Sunday's game against the Baltimore Ravens in the third quarter with an elbow injury.
US downplays N. Korea announcement The Bush administration responded calmly yesterday to North Korean statements it has turned the plutonium from 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into nuclear weapons.
Philadelphia 76ers centre Todd MacCulloch of Winnipeg retires PHILADELPHIA (CP) - Todd MacCulloch always knew his career would end. The Winnipeg native just never expected it to come to such a sudden and mysterious stop.
Gavaskar To Help Struggling Indian Batsmen Bangalore, Oct. 5 (NNN): Countrys former skipper and batting great Sunil Manohar Gavaskar will assist India #39;s out-of-form batsmen in the Test series against Australia kick-starting here from tomorrow.
Some Globular Clusters May Be Leftovers From Snacking Galaxies Globular star clusters are like spherical cathedrals of light -- collections of millions of stars lumped into a space only a few dozen light-years across. If the Earth resided within a globular cluster, our night sky would be alight with thousands of stars more brilliant than Sirius.
Dillon still hobbled by sore foot Corey Dillon didn't practice for the second straight day because of a sore right foot. His status is questionable for Sunday's game against the Seattle Seahawks. How questionable?
Australian Stocks Decline, Led by BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto Australian #39;s benchmark S amp;P/ASX 200 index had its biggest drop in two months, led by BHP Billiton, on concern that record oil prices will slow economic growth and demand for metals.
Kumar pleads not guilty to CA fraud charge Former Computer Associates International Inc CEO Sanjay Kumar yesterday pleaded not guilty to charges that he was involved in CA #39;s multibillion accounting fraud and then tried to cover up the scam from federal investigators.
Size of Florida citrus crop expected to fall significantly Florida will have the smallest orange crop in a decade after a series of hurricanes blew fruit off trees and flooded groves in the state that produces 75 percent of the nation #39;s citrus, a federal forecast released Tuesday shows.
IMlogic unveils IM, P2P threat-detection network IMlogic and several partners today unveiled a threat center network to provide a central place for detecting and analyzing IM and peer-to-peer threats, including IM-borne viruses, worms, spam over IM and malicious code.
Vietnam Hails Shrimp Tariff Reduction Vietnam seafood exporters and producers on Wednesday hailed a US decision to reduce tariffs on the communist country #39;s shrimp exports, while neighboring China suffered a blow with steeper duties.
Race-hate attack fuels fear of Beslan backlash Fears that the Beslan school massacre will lead to attacks against people from the Caucasus mounted yesterday after skinheads beat four people  quot;of Caucasian appearance quot; on the underground railway system in Moscow.
Terror suspects go to court LONDON - Eight suspects, including a man the United States calls a senior al-Qaida figure, appeared in court under heavy guard yesterday as police investigated their alleged terrorism plots.
Inhaled Anthrax Vaccine Protects in Animals-Report (Reuters) Reuters - A powdered anthrax vaccine that\people potentially could take by themselves protects rabbits\against the deadliest form of the bacteria, researchers said on\Tuesday.
Spectator Phelps' 8th Medal Ties Record ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps won another gold medal, this time wearing khaki shorts and flip-flops. From a front-row seat at the Olympic pool, Phelps watched his teammates do all the work in the 400-meter medley relay Saturday night...
San Diego Padres News The Giants batted around to score six runs in the fourth and held on for a 7-5 win over the Padres on Tuesday in front of 35,529 to open the three-game series.
French minister is dispatched to seek release of reporters PARIS -- President Jacques Chirac dispatched his foreign minister to the Middle East yesterday to work for the release of two French reporters abducted in Iraq, vowing to spare no effort to free them from kidnappers demanding that France scrap its ban on Islamic headscarves in state schools.
Schilling back in game for Bush The Red Sox right-hander has recorded automated phone calls that will be made in New Hampshire, Maine, and Pennsylvania through Tuesday, Election Day.
KOFI: I #39;M SON-BURNED WASHINGTON - UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said yesterday he was  quot;disappointed quot; to learn his son Kojo was getting secret payments from a company under investigation for its role in the Iraq oil-for-food scandal.
Arm offers \$913 million for chip component firm U.K. semiconductor design company Arm Holdings PLC has agreed to acquire a Sunnyvale, California, provider of components for chip manufacturing in a deal valued at around \$913 million in cash and stock.
NASA Forced To Delay Shuttle Launch The launch of the first Space Shuttle since the Columbia disaster has been delayed because of the impact of hurricane damage and the implementation of new safety measures.
NASA Software Allows Satellites to Troubleshoot in Space Goddard Space Flight Center -- NASA scientists recently successfully radioed artificial intelligence (AI) software to a satellite. They tested the software's ability to find and analyze errors in the spacecraft's systems...
Jet zooms into record books - at 7000mph A TINY unmanned jet has soared above the Pacific Ocean at nearly ten times the speed of sound - almost 7000mph - in a record-breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology.
CL KO for Frisk The Champions League is back, and there are already plenty of talking points after an-incident packed first round of matches. The biggest story to come out of the last few days is from the Stadio Olimpico
BOSTON 4, ST. LOUIS 1: Red Sox one win to glory As Pedro Martinez left the mound for the final time Tuesday night, he looked and pointed skyward. He had done in his first World Series start what Babe Ruth did in his back in 1916
Barrichello #39;s Chinese banquet RUBENS Barrichello celebrated his second victory in a row yesterday, winning the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai as Ferrari team-mate Michael Schumacher languished in 12th after starting from the pit.
Discovery Shines Ray of Hope on Eye Diseases Human retinal stem cells can regenerate when implanted into the eyes of chicks and mice, says a University of Toronto study. After being transplanted into the animals, the
Flintoff puts England in command Andrew Flintoff added another chapter to his growing reputation as the world #39;s best all-rounder as England posted a challenging 251 for 7 against Sri Lanka in the crucial Group D league match of the ICC Champions Trophy in Southampton on Saturday.
A Look at Lawsuits, Voting Problems (AP) AP - Many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems Nov. 2. A look at some of the developments Monday:
UPDATE 2-McGrath strikes after Clarke, Gilchrist tons Michael Clarke made a sparkling 151 on his debut and captain Adam Gilchrist 104 to put Australia in command against India in the first test on Thursday.
Bloggers Blanket Republican Convention (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The idea of penning a blog to cover the Republican National Convention isn't so unique after all.
Science mourns DNA pioneer Wilkins Nobel Laureate Wilkins, 87, played an important role in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, the molecule that carries our  quot;life code quot;, Kazinform refers to BBC News.
P amp;O set to cut 1,200 jobs The shipping giant P amp;O, under increasing pressure from low-cost airlines and the Channel tunnel, today revealed plans to cut four ferry routes and slash its workforce by 1,200.
Voter Turnout in Colo. a Record 87 Percent (AP) AP - Colorado's voter turnout in November's general election that featured hotly contested presidential and Senate races was 87 percent  #151; a record for the state.
US: Heating Bills Not as High as Feared (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumers still face sharply\higher home heating bills this winter, but prices will be\somewhat lower than earlier feared due to milder weather and\easing prices, the government said on Tuesday.
POWER OUTAGE NETS GUCCI A COOL \$3.5B The company that owns legendary fashion label Gucci, continued to sell off units that can #39;t boost its prospects in the rich-and-famous lifestyle business.
Airline Stocks Sink on Gloomy Outlook The airline sector, clouded by US Airways Group Inc. #39;s recent bankruptcy and Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s impending financial shortfall, sank deeper in Monday trading as low-cost carriers took a hit from lowered analyst ratings.
Deadliest day for US in 6 months Eight Marines were killed and nine others wounded west of the capital on Saturday when a suicide car bomb rammed into their convoy, military officials said, making it the deadliest day for the US forces in half a year.
Jets' Josh Evans Out With Back Injury (AP) AP - Jets defensive tackle Josh Evans is out for Sunday's game against the San Diego Chargers with a back injury.
Healthy-scratch Hull leaves practice in a huff ST. PAUL, Minn. - A winner of the World Cup of Hockey tournament has yet to be crowned, but newly signed Coyotes player Brett Hull already is assured an award - Most Unhappy Player.
Cincinnati QB Might Miss Louisville Game (AP) AP - Cincinnati star quarterback Gino Guidugli broke a bone in his throwing hand when he slipped outside his home, and he might miss Saturday's game at No. 7 Louisville.
CBM talks focus on notification of tests: Up gradation of hotlines &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD, Dec 14: The second round of Indo-Pakistan talks on nuclear confidence-building measures (CBMs) that began here on Tuesday zeroed in on formalization of pre-notification of missiles
Fall in football hooligan arrests Arrests at football games are down by 10 as more fans are subjected to banning orders, the Home Office says.
Germany's Siemens mulling options for loss-making mobile phone unit (AFP) AFP - German electronics giant Siemens said it is considering options for its loss-making mobile phone unit but declined to comment on a report that China's Ningbo Bird is a potential buyer.
Irish pubs ban and German tax take toll of Gallaher Gallaher Group, which makes Silk Cut and Benson  amp; Hedges cigarettes, yesterday announced a small rise in profits for the first half of the year but said it was facing tough trading outside Britain, especially in Germany and Ireland.
Stung by one that got away It should have been the perfect cap to another precious win for Corey Dillon. For the first time in his three games as a Patriot, Dillon
Russians dominate home tournament Anastasia Myskina and Nikolay Davydenko won singles championships Sunday at the Kremlin Cup, then teamed with compatriots to capture the women #39;s and men #39;s doubles finals as Russia swept all four titles.
Oil Holds Above \$46 Supply Worries Linger  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm on Tuesday as China  showed no let-up in its strong import growth and U.S. Gulf  producers reported damage to offshore rigs from Hurricane Ivan.
U.S. Soldiers and Iraqis Raid Mosque in Baghdad, Killing 3 The operation by U.S. and Iraqi troops may have been aimed at a cleric said to have incited insurgent violence.
Dream Team Loses Again, but Still Advances ATHENS, Greece - The United States men's basketball team endured another brutal loss Saturday night. But because Angola is playing even worse than the Americans, the Dream Team is in the quarterfinals of the Athens Games...
Israel wants blood ISRAEL will ramp up its campaign to assassinate Hamas leaders in response to twin suicide bombings by the militant group that killed 16 people.
Coca-Cola Amatil Bids A\$500 Mln to Buy SPC Ardmona (Update4) Coca-Cola Amatil Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest soft-drink maker, offered A\$500 million (\$382 million) in cash and stock for fruit canner SPC Ardmona Ltd.
Jobless Claims Drop More Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The number of people filing an\initial claim for U.S. jobless aid fell by a\larger-than-expected 25,000 last week, the government said on\Thursday in a report seen as a good sign for job growth.
Report: Embedded Wi-Fi Market Shift Taking Place Embedded Wi-Fi products are taking off, and their popularity is likely to grow at an accelerating pace, according to In-Stat/MDR. The market for embedded Wi-Fi clients -- including mobile PCs
Cueing the Balloons in Hussein's Home Town Iraqis hailed the rebuilding of a bridge destroyed during the war in a ceremony held Wednesday, but many have decried the slow pace of reconstruction efforts.
Guantanamo hearings to give only restricted view of Bin Laden &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GUANTANAMO: Only a sanitised glimpse of Australian David Hicks life as a Taliban fighter or what it was like for Salim Hamdan to be Osama Bin Ladens personal driver and bodyguard will be given when their military trials open on Tuesday.
Nokia, Vodafone team up on Java effort Nokia and Vodafone have positioned themselves at the forefront of further developing Java for mobile devices, with the ultimate aim being more consistent platforms for developers across various handsets.
Burger named IRB player of the year Schalk Burger completed a mesmerising season by winning the International Rugby Board (IRB #39;s) Player of the Year in London #39;s Royal Lancaster Hotel last night.
Taiwan Hit by Magnitude 6.7 Quake; No Casualties (Update2) Taiwan was rocked by a magnitude 6.7 earthquake, whose epicenter was located southeast of the capital of Taipei. There were no immediate reports of casualties, according to the island #39;s Ministry of Interior.
Blair Battles Own Political Party on UK Iraq Policy Description: NPR #39;s Alex Chadwick talks to Colin Brown, deputy political editor for the United Kingdom #39;s Independent newspaper, currently covering the British Labour Party Conference.
Ankle injury sidelines Blake Washington Wizards point guard Steve Blake will miss the first month of the season after injuring his ankle in a pickup game. Blake underwent surgery yesterday to remove a chipped bone from his right ankle and is expected to miss 10-12 weeks, which would rule him out of the first 13 games. As a rookie last season, Blake played in ...
Expert explains grilled cheese miracle #39; #39; Brace yourself. There may be a less-than-miraculous explanation for that image of the Virgin Mary a Florida woman says appeared in her grilled cheese sandwich.
Officials Far Apart on Iraq Debt Relief The world's major economic powers were far apart Saturday on agreeing how to provide debt relief for Iraq and the poorest nations, as finance officials began broader discussions about the global economy.
Jarden to buy American Household The maker of Bicycle playing cards said it will buy Boca Raton-based American Household for \$745.6 million. The purchase by Rye, NY-based consumer products company Jarden Corp.
Launch of New Space Station Crew Set (AP) AP - The new crew of the international space station will head into space on Oct. 14, Russia said Friday, after two delays pushed back the launch.
Iraq, UK Govts Say Will Not Give in to Kidnappers The British and Iraqi governments said they would not bow to the demands of militants threatening to kill a British hostage, despite tearful pleas from the captive and his family.
Airbus supports Microsoft in EU antitrust case Microsoft is looking for additional European-based firms to file challenges against the European Union #39;s US\$600 million ruling against the software giant.
Lebanon 'thwarts al-Qaeda plot' The Lebanese government says it has arrested an al-Qaeda cell planning to bomb Italy's embassy in Beirut.
Pay-Per-Click Search Advertising Comes First Pay-Per-Click Search Advertising Comes First\\There are a variety of advertising options available to online business owners small and large. There's traditional banner advertising, text ads of both static and contextual varieties, popups and popunders, layer ads and pay-per-click search engine advertising.\\For just about any business looking to advertise online, pay-per-click ...
MLB All-Stars beaten again in Japan Sapporo, Japan (Sports Network) - Daisuke Matsuzaka went the distance on a five-hitter to lead Japan to a 5-1 victory over the Major League Baseball All- Stars in the sixth of an eight-game exhibition series.
Struggling Mitsubishi Motors slips deeper into loss TOKYO : Scandal-hit Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors interim net loss nearly doubled to 146.16 billion yen (1.38 billion dollars) and is to downgrade its full-year earnings forecast.
RIAA files new round of P2P lawsuits com November 18, 2004, 1:03 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Australian Oil Producers Gain, Led by Woodside; Origin Falls Australian oil producers #39; stocks such as Woodside Petroleum Ltd. rose after crude oil climbed to a record amid concern that hurricane damage in North America will disrupt supply.
Agency 'slow tackling jam misery' Motorists suffer daily traffic jams because the Highways Agency has been slow in tackling the problem, a report says.
Nintendo Returns to Profit in First Half Nintendo Co. returned to profit in the first half of the fiscal year from the same period a year ago as the Japanese video-game maker erased foreign exchange losses and earned more from game sales.
Scientists Make Phone That Turns Into a Sunflower  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Scientists said on Monday they have  come up with a cell phone cover that will grow into a sunflower  when thrown away.
Mittal Family in  #36;17.8 Bln Steel Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Lakshmi Mittal, one of the UK's\wealthiest men, will merge his steel assets and buy\International Steel Group Inc. in a deal worth  #36;17.8 billion to\form the world's largest steel company.
Host Says Rather Criticism Got Him Fired SEATTLE - A radio talk-show host said Saturday he has been fired for criticizing CBS newsman Dan Rather's handling of challenges to the authenticity of memos about President Bush's National Guard service.   "On the talk show that I host, or hosted, I said I felt Rather should either retire or be forced out over this," said Brian Maloney, whose weekly "The Brian Maloney Show" aired for three years on KIRO-AM Radio, a CBS affiliate here...
In Florida, the Campaigning Just Has to Wait Hurricanes have crippled the campaign season in Florida, and candidates are only now starting to make up for lost time.
Here come the Russians ... SUZUKA (Japan) - First football #39;s English Premiership, then women #39;s tennis. Now, the Russians are set to make their mark in Formula One.
Krispy Kreme SEC probe widens Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. said Friday it has been informed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that the agency #39;s investigation of the company has become a formal probe.
Big Crab Catch Sparks Overfishing Worries (AP) AP - San Francisco's quintessential meal is fresh Dungeness crab, a glass of chardonnay and sourdough bread. But now, local crab fishermen and connoisseurs worry that one of the city's most beloved delicacies is in trouble, a victim of too many boats pulling up too many crabs all at once.
Lenovo May Be in Acquisition Talks With IBM (AP) AP - China's biggest computer maker said Tuesday it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure which comes amid reports it might buy IBM Corp.'s personal computer business.
Rome Defends Sending Migrants Straight Back ROME, Oct. 5. - Italy has defended its new policy of airlifting illegal immigrants straight back to Libya the maoment they set foot on Italian soil as an emergency measure.
Picture of North Sea fish decline A model of the North Sea's ecosystem suggests the total fish stock has dropped from 26 million tonnes to 10 million tonnes in just over a century.
Players prepare for Half-Life 2 Gamers are getting their hands on encrypted copies of the eagerly awaited Half-Life 2 game.
United boss blames strikers for loss of form Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has laid the blame for his side #39;s recent lack of form at the feet of his expensively assembled strikeforce.
Peace in Sadr city, bombing in Fallujah raise questions At the beginning of this week the interim Iraqi government and US occupation forces were hoping to reach a peaceful solution to clashes that have continued for monthsin the
Says Fed has helped by speaking clearly about rate hikes WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Global financial markets are stronger than at any time since the US stock market bubble burst in early 2000, according to an IMF report released Wednesday.
Paul Martin hopeful NHL lockout will be resolved CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Prime Minister Paul Martin said Friday he believes the National Hockey League and its players will eventually overcome their acrimonious labour impasse.
Reporter Freed as Rebel Cleric Brokers a Deal The journalist was released after Moktada al-Sadr intervened, even as his Shiite militia engaged in heavy fighting in Najaf.
Saddam has first meeting with his lawyer Preparations to put Saddam Hussein on trial intensified on Thursday with a first meeting between the ousted Iraqi president and a member of the defence team appointed by his family.
Colombia Congress OKs Re-Election Bill Colombia's Congress gave final approval to a bill to allow President Alvaro Uribe to run for re-election, a move aimed at giving the hard-line leader more time to fight a leftist insurgency and drug trafficking.
AOL Tests Desktop Search (PC World) PC World - Upcoming browser will feature tools for finding files on your PC.
Update 1: Witness: Eisner Had Authority to Fire Ovitz A Walt Disney Co. director testified Tuesday that he believed Disney chief executive Michael Eisner had the authority to fire Michael Ovitz as the entertainment giant #39;s president.
Hoon sparks fury with army regiment shake-up (AFP) AFP - The Black Watch army regiment, which lost seven soldiers during a recent mission in Iraq, is to be merged with other units as part of a major military overhaul, Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon revealed.
Heavy clashes in Ramadi as troops buildup offensive to retake the insurgent-held cities has begun on the eve of the US presidential election. company #39;s office in Baghdad, the Interior Ministry said on Monday.
Austin Wins Buick Championship in Sudden Death  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Woody Austin birdied the  first hole of a sudden-death playoff against fellow American  Tim Herron to win the \$4.2 million Buick Championship on  Sunday.
Airline passengers face tighter security checks WASHINGTON -- Starting next week, all airline passengers must take off their jackets before passing through metal detectors and more will be subjected to pat-down searches and checks for explosives, the Transportation Security Administration said yesterday.
Gold surges as dollar falls again The euro jumps to an all-time high against the dollar, raising fears about European growth, and the price of gold rises as people switch out of the dollar.
Ohio Focuses on Job Growth for Elections (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry has 237,400 reasons for hope in Ohio. That's the number of jobs Ohio has lost since President Bush won the state by 3.6 percentage points four years ago. Ohioans consider jobs and the economy their top concern, with terrorism and homeland security close behind.
JPMorgan Chase Cancels \$5-Billion Outsourcing Deal With IBM The inexorable march of outsourcing took an abrupt about face Wednesday, when JPMorgan Chase bank canceled its \$5-billion outsourcing deal with IBM and said it would take back the 4,000 employees working at IBM on the bank #39;s IT programs.
Experts debate over whale strandings A MASSIVE rescue operation is under way off the southeast coast of Tasmania after two mysterious strandings of long-finned pilot whales and bottle-nosed dolphins within
Nelson downplays his first trip back to Philly Is it the one who was quoted on the Orlando Magic Web site saying he still  #39; #39;has a chip #39; #39; on his shoulder after the collegiate Player of the Year was taken 20th in last summer #39;s NBA draft, behind
Highland Buys Four Hotels From Wyndham Highland Hospitality Corp. a lodging real estate investment trust, said Friday that it bought four hotels from Wyndham International Inc. for \$227 million, plus closing adjustments.
Australian Media Giant Posts Earnings Jump Australian media empire Publishing  amp; Broadcasting Ltd. reported Thursday a 75 percent jump in earnings for the fiscal year ending June 30, thanks to a strong economy and a rebound in advertising revenue.
Thunderbird 1.0 Takes Aim At Microsoft #39;s Outlook Express Following the launch of its Firefox browser, Mozilla delivers an E-mail client. A calendaring application may be next. By John Foley.
EU's Prodi Says No Special Conditions for Turkey  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission will not set  special conditions for Turkey when it decides Wednesday whether  to recommend opening membership talks with Ankara, Commission  President Romano Prodi said Tuesday.
Boeing CEO talks around Druyun problems Straight Talking Harry C. Stonecipher, Boeing Co.s chief executive, appears to be splitting hairs on the subject of disgraced former Air Force negotiator Darleen A. Druyun, who worked briefly as an executive at Boeing.
Microsoft loses FAT patent, wins Smart Tag case Microsoft Corp. is fighting a rejection by US patent authorities of a patent for its FAT (file allocation table) file system, the company said Thursday.
Japanese Electronics Makers Raise Outlook (AP) AP - Japanese electronics makers Toshiba Corp. and Hitachi Ltd. raised their earnings outlooks for the fiscal first half Friday on rising global demand for electronics products.
Political correctness gone mad The decision by the European Parliament #39;s Civil Liberties Committee to reject the nomination of Rocco Buttiglione as European Commissioner for Justice and Security over his comments on homosexuality and marriage is very unfortunate.
Justice Dept. Opens Fannie Criminal Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Justice Department has opened an  investigation of possible accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, the  Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, after a federal  regulator said the mortgage giant may have manipulated its  earnings targets.
LeBron pumps in 43 as Cavs pound Pistons Perhaps trying to show his US Olympic team coach that he should have played more in Greece, LeBron James scored a career-high 43 points Wednesday to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 92-76 win over Larry Brown #39;s Detroit Pistons.
FDA Approves Artificial Heart  For Those Awaiting Transplant The decision marks the first time a mechanical device has been made widely available to replace a failing human organ.
Southwest to bid for ATA assets Low-cost airline said it will bid at least \$100 million for assets of bankrupt ATA Airlines. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Southwest Airlines said Friday it will bid at least \$100 million for certain assets of bankrupt
Translator hired by Titan beheaded by insurgents A translator employed by San Diego #39;s Titan Corp. was beheaded in Iraq yesterday by insurgents who also beheaded a Turkish contractor working at a US air base.
Veerappan shot dead by the STF The operation was carried out by a team of Special Task Force of Tamil Nadu police at Papparapatti village in Dharmapuri district of the state.
RealNetworks Halves Music Prices, Sees Wider Loss (Reuters) Reuters - RealNetworks Inc. on Tuesday halved\prices for songs downloaded from its online music store to win\customers for new technology that has rankled rival Apple\Computer Inc.
Overseas partners sought to revamp Northeast China China will strengthen ties with foreign partners to revitalize the economy in Northeast China and to further co-operation in Northeast Asia, a senior official said.
Aristide Calls For Dialogue In Haiti Hardbeatnews.com, JOHANNESBURG, SA, Tues. Oct. 12: Jean Bertrand Aristide is thousands of miles away from South Africa but remains tuned to the strife ongoing in his homeland of Haiti.
Hurricane Ivan Churns Toward Caribbean BRIDGETOWN, Barbados - Hurricane Ivan churned toward the Caribbean on Monday, packing sustained winds of 115 mph and threatening to hit Barbados and other islands, after it strengthened from tropical storm status with unusual speed.    Residents rushed to install storm shutters and schools remained closed in Barbados, where the Category 3 storm - the fourth major hurricane of the season - was expected to hit late Tuesday...
The tide is turning... Whilst some may claim that the British are staunch allies of the United States (depite being having clearly different agendas on the World Stage), the recent request made to Britain for additional support, namely 600 troops from Black Watch to be moved North to Baghdad to help out the 130,000 US troops who want to move upto Fallujah, is being met by the British Parliament with what we might politely call some   hostility. As the Honourable member for Morecambe and Lunesdale (yes, it is as grim as it sounds), Geraldine Smith asks:    "I'm concerned about the timing. We've been asked by the Americans two weeks before their election to cover for their troops. Is this a ploy to allow Bush not to send more troops? If we made a decision to send troops tomorrow, it looks like we are stepping in to help out the President."
China Computer Maker Acquires IBM PC Biz (AP) AP - China's biggest computer maker, Lenovo Group, said Wednesday it has acquired a majority stake in International Business Machines Corp.'s personal computer business for  #36;1.75 billion, one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever.
Stock scheme sweeping nation NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Investors beware: If a wily female, apparently believing she #39;s calling someone else, leaves a message with you advising of a hot stock tip, walk away. According to the Securities and Exchange Commission, it #39;s a scam.
Baghdad blast kills at least 35 At least 35 people have been killed in a huge blast in a crowded Baghdad market place close to an Iraqi police station, Reuters witnesses say.
Nicaragua Agrees to Destroy Antiaircraft Missiles Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, on the second day of a mission to strengthen security ties across Central and South America, received an unambiguous promise
Argentina can wait, says IMF The IMF has said it will negotiate with Argentina after  the country's debt swap, that was delayed until 17 January.
Debate opens on 'honour killings' International delegates meet in Sweden to explore ways of combating so-called "honour killings".
Airborne Laser used in first test In a step toward creation of a weapon to shoot down ballistic missiles, a laser designed to be mounted in a jet was test-fired for the first time at Edwards Air Force Base.
Columbian Marxist Group Planned Assassination on President Bush ( Columbia -- November 28, 2004) -- (AP) There #39;s new information that a rebel group in Colombia had planned to assassinatePresident Bush during his visit there last week.
IBM #39;s Jones:  #39;Stinger #39; Targets Enterprises with Automation, Price &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jeff Jones, director of strategy for IBM #39;s DB2 Universal Database, says IBM is wielding affordability and automation as it prepares for battle in the new world of second-generation databases.
SanDisk pushes faster, bigger flash cards Flash memory company SanDisk is offering a one-two punch with new CF, Memory Stick, and SD cards offering greater speed and capacity.
The race for The Chase begins at Richmond Richmond, VA (Sports Network) - Ryan Newman earned the pole for Saturday night #39;s Chevy Rock  amp; Roll 400. The No.12 Penske Dodge circled the 0.750-mile Richmond International Raceway short track in 20.
Red Sox miffed by parting shots Feeling he had been a good teammate and friend to Pedro Martinez and had gladly accepted being the No. 2 pitcher behind him, Curt Schilling expressed surprise and disappointment yesterday over Martinez's parting shots at him, general manager Theo Epstein, and manager Terry Francona.
Boston Scientific Stent Gets Extension Medical-device maker Boston Scientific Corp. said Thursday that the Food and Drug Administration approved an extended shelf life of nine months for its Taxus Express2 drug-eluting coronary stent system in the United States, up from six months.
SpaceShipOne Wins \$10M Prize for Trip to Space A stubby rocket plane powered its rockets and appeared to blast through the Earth's atmosphere for a second time in two weeks Monday to capture a \$10 million prize meant to encourage space tourism.
Sun burn An Australian man found himself in hot water, when he was arrested for taking pictures of topless sunbathers with his camera phone.
Lawmakers approve \$242 million package for Dell RALEIGH, NC State lawmakers have approved a 242 (m) million dollar incentives package to bring a Dell computer manufacturing plant to the Triad.
A Fool Looks Back Chips, soda, release dates, and interest rates -- all had more than a bit part to play in the market's theatrical production this past week.
Jamaicans Flee As Ivan Approaches; 33 Dead KINGSTON, Jamaica - Hurricane Ivan's deadly winds and monstrous waves bore down on Jamaica on Friday, threatening a direct hit on its densely populated capital after ravaging Grenada and killing at least 33 people.    The Jamaican government ordered the evacuation of half a million people from coastal areas, where rains on Ivan's outer edges were already flooding roads...
Recent American deaths in Iraq As of yesterday, at least 1,206 members of the US military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003. Below is a list of those killed recently.
DreamWorks Shares Dip on  #39;Shrek #39; Delay Shares of DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. dropped 6 percent Thursday after the Hollywood studio told Wall Street it will push back the release of its next  quot;Shrek quot; movie until the summer of 2007.
Colorado telecom on buyout streak Englewood-based Evolving Systems is proving that Denver #39;s telecom industry still has some pizazz left after the dot-com meltdown.
Many similarities, differences between #39;04 US basketball and #39;80 Soviet hockey teams This was no miracle, but you could not tell by the amount of elation surrounding the Dream Team #39;s trip to the woodshed Sunday.
A #39;s Trade Pitcher Tim Hudson To Atlanta Braves Gone from the 2004 East Division winning Braves are Jaret Wright, Paul Byrd, and Russ Ortiz. The voids have been filled with a couple of former 20-game winners.
Bears Secondary Suffers Another Blow (AP) AP - Chicago Bears cornerback Charles Tillman will miss seven to 10 weeks with a right knee injury, a blow to a secondary already stretched thin by injuries to Mike Brown and Jerry Azumah.
File and Printer Sharing Insecure in XP SP2 ProKras writes  quot;German magazine PC-Welt has discovered a major security flaw in Windows XP SP2 when installing over SP1. The article says that  #39;with a certain configuration, your file and printer sharing data
Landslide Kills 15 in Taiwan After Typhoon  TAIPEI (Reuters) - At least 15 people were killed when a  landslide triggered by a fierce typhoon buried a mountain  village in Taiwan, and rescue workers were digging through  rubble on Thursday to see if there were any more victims.
Barclays seeks majority stake in S.Africa #39;s Absa Britain #39;s Barclays signaled a return to retail banking in South Africa after 18 years #39; absence, saying it was in talks to buy a majority of the country #39;s biggest retail lender Absa.
Nephew Suggests Arafat's Death Unnatural (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew said Saturday his uncle may have died an "unnatural" death, a statement certain to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world where many already believe the late leader was poisoned despite Israel's repeated and vehement denials.
To better compete with Netflix, Blockbuster is dropping its late &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The movie-rental company said Tuesday it will drop late fees for games and movies starting Jan. 1 - a positive move as seen by customers at the Blockbuster on Westheimer in Montrose.
French government to cut stake in Air France-KLM The French government entrusted Thursday two banks, Dutch bank ABN Amro and Societe Generale of France, to place shares on the market for best offers to cut state stake in
B of A #39;s Lewis in Boston to explain job moves Bank of America Corp. #39;s top executive will be in Boston this week to counter critics who claim the bank has broken job commitments it made during its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial.
Argentina wins first basketball gold com. Hours after its men #39;s soccer team beat Paraguay for the country #39;s first Olympic gold medal in any sport since 1952, the Argentine men #39;s basketball team made it a double
Making seamless transition to Paralympics will be a challenge &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER (CP) - How to make a seamless transition from the Olympics to the Paralympics is one of the lessons a five-member team from the Vancouver 2010 Organizing Committee is learning during a visit to the Athens Paralympic Games, said VANOC CEO John
Roh, Bush agree to early six-party talks President Roh Moo-hyun and US President George W. Bush agreed to the early resumption of the six-party talks to end North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program, Cheong Wa Dae said yesterday.
Thousands demonstrate in Jerusalem against plan to evacuate Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM Tens of thousands of Jewish settlers and their backers essentially shut down much of Jerusalem today. They took to the streets to protest a plan to evacuate settlements in Gaza and the West Bank.
Arafat Relative Escapes Gaza Bomb Blast A top Palestinian security leader who is a relative of Yasser Arafat escaped unharmed when a car bomb exploded near his convoy in Gaza City, the latest sign of growing chaos as Israels planned Gaza pullout nears.
Tools Of The Trade: The Microsoft Windows 2003 Small Business &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Servers for small businesses are one of the fastest-growing areas of the IT market, according to market researcher IDC. Much of this is down to the Small Business Server (SBS) software
Fed Likely to Bump Up Rates Again Wall Street stocks remained in the doldrums this morning as investors awaited the end of a Federal Reserve meeting that is expected to result in this year #39;s third interest rate hike.
AMD #39;s new budget processors AMD #39;s new Sempron range of desktop and notebook CPUs is targeted squarely at Intel #39;s competing Celeron family.
Deadly arms, simple tactics FALLUJAH, Iraq -- They carried surface-to-air missiles and armor-piercing bullets, but they wore plastic thong sandals and often died barefoot.
Mass Grave Uncovered In Northern Iraq 9 September 2004 -- An Iraqi official says that construction workers have uncovered a mass grave in northeastern Iraq. Mansour Hama Karim, an official at the Human Rights Ministry in the Kurdish-dominated
Asean must fast-track integration Two of Southeast Asias newest leaders called for faster economic integration at an annual meeting Sunday, saying the region risked being trampled by China and India if it did not act.
Wisconsin Guard Boo Wade Taking Leave (AP) AP - Boo Wade, expected to compete to be Wisconsin's starting point guard this season, is taking an indefinite leave of absence from the team.
Alcatel Spreading DSL Wealth in China Building on a longstanding relationship, Alcatel (Quote, Chart) will help China Telecom deploy 1.3 million DSL (define) lines, the latest in a slew of recent industry deals from emerging markets.
More men charging harassment NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Sexual harassment complaints by men are becoming more common, according to a published report. Follow the news that matters to you.
HEARTBREAK FOR AMERICAN DUO The eighth-seeded American fell to sixth-seeded Elena Dementieva of Russia, 0-6 6-2 7-6 (7-5), on Friday - despite being up a break on four occasions in the third set.
Iron Mountain Gets Connected Iron Mountain moved further into the backup and recovery space Tuesday with the acquisition of Connected Corp. for \$117 million. Connected backs up desktop data for more than 600 corporations, with more than
Canon Unveils a Cavalcade of Printers If you #39;re thinking of replacing your old inkjet or personal laser printer with a new model that can also make copies--and perhaps scan in color and send faxes as well--Canon wants to be at the top of your shopping list.
A timeline of McDonald #39;s CEOs _December 2002: Jack M. Greenberg retires after four years as chairman and CEO as the company struggles to emerge from a deep, two-year slump.
England cricketers head for Zimbabwe The tour is going ahead after a ban on several British journalists was lifted but the first of five one-day matches had to be called off.
Officials say Logan death a horrible accident #39; A longtime Delta Air Lines employee was killed at Logan Airport yesterday morning when he was struck by a de-icing truck driven by a good friend, officials said.
Early Heart Attacks Likelier in Smokers If you're under 40 and smoke, your risk of having a heart attack is significantly greater than someone your age who doesn't, a new study finds. According to the report, male smokers between the ages of 35 and 39 were almost five times as likely to have a nonfatal heart attack as were nonsmokers.
Babson finishes strong to reach NCAA tourney For the 19th time in the program's history, the Babson College men's soccer team has advanced to the NCAA Division 3 tournament. Coached by Jon Anderson, a member of Babson's first (of three) national championship team in 1975, the Beavers started with a 4-3-1 record but bounced back to win 11 of their last 12 matches, including victories over nationally ...
Snow Says Strong Dollar #39; Is in America #39;s Interest #39; (Update4) The US supports a strong dollar, #39; #39; Treasury Secretary John Snow said, making his first remarks on the currency since George W. Bush was re-elected president on Nov. 2. We support
Science Braces for Second Term The Bush administration had an uneasy relationship with scientists during the first term. Will the president build bridges in the second or burn them completely? A Wired News special report.
UN input into Iraqi elections threatened by  #39;lack of security #39; Following on from yesterday #39;s horrific car bombing in Baghdad which claimed the lives of 47 people, the UN has warned that a  quot;lack of security quot; is undermining the world body #39;s efforts to assist in elections set for January.
Studio Wars Honed Skills Used to Nab Radio Star During his career as a merger-and-acquisitions lawyer and independent-film executive, Scott Greenstein, has often bet big.
It Took a Few Weeks, but Google Has Topped Its Initial Price Shares in Google, the Internet search engine, continue to rise and broke the \$135 ceiling.
After Gitmo, Back to Terror Detainees who've been released, only to join up again with anti-U.S. forces
Ex-US marine: I killed Iraqi civilians A former US marine has said his unit killed more than 30 innocent Iraqi civilians in just two days. In graphic testimony presented to a Canadian asylum tribunal on Monday, Sergeant Jimmy Massey #39;s evidence
Call Service with a Sneer (Reuters) Reuters - Score one for the faceless functionary\on the other end of the telephone line.
Bush Says Kerry Exploits Uncertainty on Lost Explosives The president addressed the issue for the first time today, signaling that he saw its potential to hurt him on Nov. 2.
Making Money From Moore #39;s Law As most have heard by now, Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) founder Gordon Moore famously predicted in the 1960s that the number of transistors on a chip would roughly double every two years.
Dollar Hits New Euro Low; Nikkei Falls (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar hit a record low against\the euro Thursday as traders bet officials would not act to\stop its slide, sending gold to a fresh 16-year peak and\hurting Japanese stocks as a stronger yen weighed on exporters.
White Sox Cool Off Athletics 5-4 (AP) AP - Pinch-hitter Ross Gload came through with an RBI single in the ninth inning, and the Chicago White Sox ended the Oakland Athletics' eight-game winning streak with a 5-4 victory Wednesday night.
Strike pair see Toon through Alan Shearer and Patrick Kluivert teamed up to fire Newcastle into the group stage of the UEFA Cup with a striking master-class against Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin in Tel Aviv.
Dream Team Salvages Bronze, Dignity (AP) AP - Bronze is better than nothing. That's one Olympic lesson the U.S. men's basketball team was able to understand. The Americans took the third-place game seriously Saturday night, earning some revenge and salvaging some self-respect in a 104-96 victory over Lithuania. Although they didn't get what they wanted in Athens, they didn't embarrass themselves in their finale, either.
Bryant Accuses Malone of Hitting on Wife (AP) AP - The Kobe Bryant-Karl Malone feud has turned personal, with Bryant accusing Malone of making a pass at his wife at a game.
Powell Tackles Illegal Immigrant Issue (AP) AP - An end to the U.S. political season coupled with enhanced border security has significantly improved the climate in the United States for comprehensive immigration reform, Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday.
Down again in N.Y. NEW YORK -- Hold off on the traditional postseason, red, white and blue bunting draped over the rails at Fenway for the upcoming weekend series with the Yankees. After wicked Wednesday's double-barrel blast of bad news from the Bronx, Red Sox management might want to decorate with black crepe when the American League Championship Series resumes tomorrow night at the ...
The Fool's Look Ahead Wild rides, a snow-hugging choo-choo, and a movie mecca will factor greatly during the week that is on the way.
Freescale Semiconductor to Cut 1,000 Jobs Freescale Semiconductor Inc. plans to cut at least 1,000 jobs from its worldwide operations, the company said as part of its second earnings report since it went public in July after being spun off from Motorola Inc.
Australia #39;s Costello Says Surplus Will Help on Interest Rates Australia #39;s Treasurer Peter Costello said his forecast in May for aA\$2.4 billion (\$1.7 billion) budget surplus will help keep interest rates from rising.
Arrest in Cisco source code theft A Briton has been arrested in connection with the theft of computer code for key net hardware.
Three Big Music Labels Sign Up for Peer Impact (Reuters) Reuters - Three of the Big Four music labels\have reached licensing agreements to provide their music to the\soon-to-launch Peer Impact network, a peer-to-peer service that\enables legal music file-sharing.
Ultima Online: Samurai Empire Gone Gold October 13, 2004 - EA sent word that Ultima Online: Samurai Empire has gone gold today and will be in stores Nov. 2nd.  quot;We are right on track to deliver this exciting new experience to our fans next month, quot; said
South America Eyes EU-Style Integration (Reuters) Reuters - South American leaders on Wednesday\launched a regional integration pact they said would go beyond\rhetoric and usher in European-style unity, but only half the\future bloc's 12 presidents turned up to sign it.
Ogden Signs 7-Year Contract With Ravens (AP) AP - All-Pro left tackle Jonathan Ogden signed a new seven-year contract Thursday with the Baltimore Ravens.
PeopleSoft's Knightly Quest (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Oracle may be breathing fire down its neck with an ongoing hostile takeover effort, but PeopleSoft is trying to withstand the siege and stay independent. The business software company has struck a pact with IBM to woo customers and bolster its business, although there's plenty of debate over whether Big Blue will pull off a dramatic rescue.
MCI to write down assets of \$3.5 billion as sales fall MCI, the second-largest US long-distance telephone company, will write down assets by \$3.5 billion in the third quarter, reflecting their reduced value as calling prices tumble and demand declines.
Argentina Leader Calls IMF Head  #39;Plantation Owner #39; Argentina #39;s leftist president called IMF head Rodrigo Rato an old-style  quot;plantation owner quot; for trying to force the South American country to swallow free-market reforms as a condition for aid.
Beat goes on for Manuel, Thome com. Thome has known Charlie Manuel for his entire professional baseball life, which started shortly after he became a 13th-round draft pick by the Cleveland Indians in 1989.
Disney backs Sony #39;s Blu-ray DVD format It is being billed as the DVD equivalent of the Betamax versus VHS video format battle of the early 1980s. Disney announced yesterday it has signed up to Sony #39;s Blu-ray technology for the
DreamWorks Animation sets IPO at \$28 The generally jovial ogre Shrek might have enchanted moviegoers, but investors are even more interested in shares of the character #39;s creator: DreamWorks Animation (DWA).
Latest mobiles 'open to attack' The latest generation of mobile phones is vulnerable to hackers, a security conference is told.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s Sonic Targets More Europe Expansion SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Citing a lack of growth opportunities in its home market, Australian pathology and radiology company Sonic Healthcare Ltd.
Scientists Map the Cow Genome By H. JOSEF HEBERT    WASHINGTON (AP) -- For the first time, scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, providing researchers a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products, the Agriculture Department announced Wednesday...
Blair op sparks row in his party British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Saturday after successfully undergoing treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat -- but speculation about who will succeed him raged in his party.
Braves have a Schuerthing This isn #39;t good news for the Phillies, who thought they had beefed up their pitching staff, or for the Marlins, who felt their offense gave them an edge.
South African Police: Thatcher Preparing to Flee Before Arrest South African police say the son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was planning to flee the country before his arrest on suspicion of involvement in a coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
Terps Burn Bulldogs Maryland shoots a season-high 55 percent from the field and John Gilchrist drops in 22 points as the Terps dominate UNC-Asheville, 96-72, on Sunday afternoon.
Vodafone eyes annual savings of 2.5bn Vodafone is to cut costs by 2.5bn per year by March 2008. It will do this a combination of 1.4bn through cost-saving measures and 1.
Intel shelves plans for 4-GHz Pentium 4 Intel won't release a 4-GHz version of its flagship Pentium 4 product, having decided instead to realign its engineers around the company's new design priorities, an Intel spokesman said today.  \\
Police investigating theft of Olympic drug test sample DUBLIN, Ireland The investigation into whether Ireland #39;s only medal winner from the Athens Olympics had a banned substance in his system has taken a twist.
Microsoft #39;s Halo 2 video game leaked on internet Halo 2, the sequel to Microsoft #39;s best-selling game for its Xbox video console, has leaked onto the internet nearly four weeks before its planned sale.
B.C. halfway house seen as killer haven was pressured into closing, says source (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Operators of the controversial Vernon, B.C. halfway house whose residents were linked to three killings were stampeded into closing it even though there's no evidence of negligence, The Canadian Press has learned.
Israel Pulls Back Forces in Northern Gaza  JABALYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israel pulled most of its  forces out of the northern Gaza Strip Saturday after a four-day  incursion it said was staged to halt Palestinian rocket attacks  on southern Israeli towns.
Sun shines on interoperability progress with Microsoft Microsoft and Sun have declared some progress in their efforts to achieve interoperability citing co-operation on web services standardisation and deployment of Windows on Sun systems.
Peirsol Breaks Own World Mark in 200 Back INDIANAPOLIS - Aaron Peirsol of the United States lowered his own world record in the 200-meter backstroke at the Short Course World Championships on Monday night.
Election Commission Stops Vote Count As Opposition Protests Ukraine #39;s Central Election Commission has suspended vote counting from the 31 October presidential election. The opposition says that #39;s because a complete count would reveal that its leader, Viktor Yushchenko
Newsweek says move intended to help talks with Spitzer CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Jeffrey Greenberg may step down as early as Monday as chief executive of Marsh  amp; McLennan, the insurance broker accused of rigging bids by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, according a media report Sunday.
Why the ICC have all lost credibility At first sight there might not be too much in common between this week #39;s decision by the International Cricket Council to overturn Sourav Ganguly #39;s two-match ban and the shenanigans surrounding England and their tour of Zimbabwe.
US Treasuries little changed before data 0125 GMT -- Treasury prices little changed in Asia as market awaits further economic data to back up upbeat economic assessment by the Federal Reserve.
Techs Can't Find Hangover Cure (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - There's plenty of good news out there in the technology sector, particularly when it comes to e-commerce powerhouses like eBay and Amazon, and portals like Yahoo.
US says Zarqawi loyalty to al-Qaida real An Islamic Web site posting in which Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s militants declare loyalty to Osama bin Laden has been deemed credible by US officials.
National League Game Summary - San Francisco at Colorado The Giants outhit the Rockies, 16-5...Bonds is now one walk shy of the major league record of 198, which he set in 2002...San Francisco won the season series from Colorado, 11-8.
Bush, Kerry camps spar over new overtime pay rules (AFP) AFP - New rules governing overtime pay kicked in, sparking a politically charged debate over the impact of the new regulations on US workers.
GM to Close Md. Assembly Plant in 2005 General Motors Corp. will close a Baltimore assembly plant next year that employs about 1,100 people and makes two van models that are being discontinued, a spokesman for the world's biggest automaker said Tuesday.
U.S. Forces Claim Most of Fallujah American forces battled through boobytrapped lanes in a swift advance to city center. The military said at least 71 militants and 10 U.S. troopers were killed as of the beginning of the third day of intense urban combat.
Bonds not as dumb as he appears In the long, winding tale of Barry Bonds and steroids, we have reached the part where Bonds plays dumb. According to the San Francisco Chronicle, he effectively told a grand jury a year ago that he used steroids
DIY phishing kits found on the internet Do-it-yourself phishing kits are being made available for download free of charge from the internet, security watchers have warned.
Burma releases more prisoners \Burma's ruling junta frees about 500 more prisoners, and says it will release veteran dissident Win Tin.
African union seeks up to 5000 troops for Darfur UNITED NATIONS: The African Union will determine in early October whether it can mobilise a force of 3000 to 5000 to help stop atrocities in Sudan #39;s Darfur region, Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo said today.
Viduka redeemed MARK Viduka was a relieved man after ending his 12-match English Premiership goal drought yesterday with a double which inspired Middlesbrough to a 3-2 home victory over Manchester City.
Cricket: Sri Lanka says ICC ruling buries Muralitharan controversy COLOMBO : Sri Lanka #39;s cricket governing body welcomed the new bowling rules of the International Cricket Council (ICC), saying the decision will finally end the controversy over Muttiah Muralitharan #39;s action.
Stocks Higher; Investors Await Fed NEW YORK - Strong earnings from financial services companies and upbeat economic data pushed stocks higher Tuesday, but many investors clung to the sidelines ahead of the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates, expected later in the session.    Investors may be seeing some buying opportunities after Monday, when gloomy outlooks from the consumer staples group weighed heavily on the market; a strong reading on new housing construction provided additional incentive...
Ford reports decline in monthly auto sales Ford Motor Co. reported Wednesday that the company had a 5 percent decline in sales during October, including declines in sales of each of the three lines of sport-utility vehicles that are made in Louisville.
Palace hit by Rommedahl's tale of the unexpected (AFP) AFP - English Premiership strugglers Crystal Palace were hit by a killer last minute goal as they went down 1-0 to fellow Londoners Charlton.
Sharon opens Gaza debate Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon asked Parliament to approve a unilateral Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank in a turbulent session on Monday.
IN BRIEF  Northrop Grumman #39;s Information Technology unit, based in Herndon, won a 10-year, \$408 million contract from the Army for planning and support of war-fighter exercise training that the company said simulates command and control decision-making under
Winter Outlook Mixed for U.S. - NOAA  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Warmer than normal temperatures are  forecast to blanket the western United States and Plains states  this winter, but it is unclear whether the Northeast and  Midwest will face warmer, colder or normal winter weather, U.S.  government forecasters said on Wednesday.
University Of Michigan Lands Big Gift ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- The University of Michigan is getting \$100 million from a New York real estate magnate -- the school #39;s largest gift ever.
More activity seen at N. Korea missile bases-paper Engineers and vehicles carrying liquid fuel have been seen gathering at North Korean bases housing missiles capable of striking most of Asia and parts of the United States, a Japanese newspaper said on Sunday.
US Airways pilots vote for pay cuts of \$300m Pilots at US Airways have voted in favour of giving \$300 million in annual wage and benefit concessions to the struggling airline, becoming the first major labor group to accept permanent cuts, the union representing pilots said.
Iraq #39;s loss overshadowed by Italy #39;s IRAQ #39;S dreams of winning only its second Olympic medal were shattered this morning when Italy beat them in the men #39;s football bronze medal play-off, overshadowed by the killing of an Italian hostage yesterday.
SBC to offer Internet telephone service (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - SBC announced consumer tests of its Internet phone service Tuesday in Los Angeles and three other major cities and said it will offer the low-cost, feature-laden plans to all broadband customers in its 13-state territory including California early next year.
Peru TV staff quit in Toledo row Peruvian TV journalists resign after claims of electoral fraud sparked an angry outburst by President Toledo.
Dozens killed in Iraq violence as Egypt, Britain seek to free &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FALLUJAH, Iraq : US airstrikes on rebel-held Fallujah left 15 dead while an insurgent attack in another troubled Sunni Arab town killed 10 more, as Britain and Egypt stepped up efforts to secure the release of hostages in Iraq.
Russians Rally Against Terror, Bury Dead MOSCOW - Tens of thousands of people answered a government call and rallied outside the Kremlin on Tuesday in a show of solidarity against terrorism, nearly a week after militants seized a school in southern Russia in a standoff that claimed more than 350 lives, many of them children.    Mourners in the grief-stricken city of Beslan lowered caskets into the damp earth in a third day of burials from the siege, which officials have blamed on Chechens and other Islamic militants...
Cavaliers 92, Nuggets 73 The LeBron-Carmelo matchup wasn #39;t much of a contest, and neither was the one between the Cavaliers and Nuggets. LeBron James had 17 points, eight rebounds and nine assists Thursday night to help Cleveland
Bush says N. Korea #39;s neighbors uniting against nuclear weapons (Santiago, Chile-AP) Nov. 20, 2004 - President Bush says North Korea #39;s neighbors are united in sending a blunt message to the man who rules it,  quot;Get rid of your nuclear weapons programs.
Eli Manning replaces Warner at quarterback Eli Manning, the top pick in this year #39;s NFL draft, has been named the starting quarterback of the New York Giants. Coach Tom Coughlin made the announcement at a Monday news conference.
Millions Flee Hurricane Frances Two-and-a-half million people have been told to get out of the way of hurricane Frances. #39; #39;. The storm is aiming at a 480-kilometre stretch of Florida #39;s Atlantic coast.
Astronaut Gordon  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper, 1927-2004 Grant writes  quot;Leroy Gordon  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper, one of America #39;s first seven astronauts, died today in his home at the age of 77.
3Com posts narrower loss MARLBOROUGH, Mass. -- 3Com Corp. posted a narrower net loss in its latest quarter amid a sharp drop in operating expenses. For the fiscal first quarter ended Aug. 27, the maker of computer-networking equipment
Clipper offense takes spotlight Carrying a scoreless streak deep into October isn't one of the easier tasks to carry out on a gridiron.
Md. Marine's Love of Outdoors and Adventure Remembered  For  relatives and friends of Kirk Bosselmann, few things the Marine Corps corporal did surprised them.
Telstra chief resigns ahead of privatisation Telstras embattled chief executive resigned on Wednesday as Australias largest telecommunications company prepared for the A\$30bn sale of the governments remaining shareholding.
Wall Street Covers Its Fannie Mae When Wall Street #39;s biggest firms settled with regulators in April 2003 over charges of fraudulent stock research, the industry promised a new era of independence.
Jol puts hand up for Tottenham post Tottenham caretaker coach Martin Jol has confirmed he #39;s interested in taking over the reigns from Jacques Santini.  quot;It #39;s a terrific job, everyone would want a job like that, quot; he said.
Astros don #39;t like chokers these days Baseball can be so fickle. The line between the daring and defeatist is precariously thin, blurred by intangible factors, altered by blind providence.
Foster #39;s Counts Cost of Poor Wine Market Brewing giant Fosters today said that higher annual profits from sales of beer overseas had been eroded by a sharp drop in US wine trade.
UN Calls For Cease-Fire As Congo Factions Continue Fighting The United Nations has called on all factions involved in several days of fighting in eastern Congo to agree to a cease-fire. Clashes continued Monday as the United Nations ordered the government
Cricket: Sri Lanka survive scare Sri Lanka struggle to a four-wicket win over a gallant Zimbabwe side at the Champions Trophy.
EBay to Pay \$415 Mln for Rent.com Ebay Inc. (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it would buy Rent.com, an Internet housing rental listing service, for \$415 million in a deal that gives it access to a new segment of the online real estate market.
Coach Hawkins the ringmaster of Boise #39;s biggest show BOISE, Idaho - It #39;s all a little funky. In a city where a cosmopolitan feel meets Jeeps and jean jackets, the football coach is reclining comfortably in his office outside the football stadium, the one with
Traditional MBA programs receiving fewer applications A shrinking pool of young adults, a dearth of international students and a tight job market are reducing demand for traditional, two-year master of business administration programs across the country.
Report says consumer confidence about the same NEW YORK - Consumers #39; assessment of the economy held largely steady this month, according to a university research report released Friday.
Wistrom bottles up Buccaneers TAMPA, Fla. -- A half hour after helping the Seahawks hold onto a 10-6 victory over Tampa Bay yesterday, defensive end Grant Wistrom sat at his locker half-dressed, constantly swatting a steady drip of sweat
Tech Briefs Chicago-based Braun Consulting #39;s shares soared Tuesday after news that the professional services firm will be acquired by Minneapolis-based Fair Isaac for \$30 million.
Report: Dolphins' Boston Faces Suspension (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins receiver David Boston, who has missed the entire season with a knee injury, is appealing a four-game suspension after testing positive for steroids, Fox Sports reported Sunday.
Aragones slur on file The Spanish Football Association has opened a disciplinary file against Luis Aragones - but anti-racism campaigners expect the Spain coach to be let off with a warning.
British American Tobacco Quarterly Profit Rises on Acquisition British American Tobacco Plc, the world #39;s second-largest cigarette maker, said third-quarter profit gained 60 percent as the acquisition of Italy #39;s largest tobacco company added to revenue.
Milosevic trial suspended The trial of Slobodan Milosevic has been suspended in Hague to allow the defense lawyers assigned to the former Yugoslav president more time to prepare their case.
News of AIG federal inquiry drags blue-chips into the red US BLUE-CHIP stocks slid lower yesterday, pulled down by industrial bellwether Caterpillar, but technology shares remained higher after EBay posted strong earnings.
Cingular Completes Acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless (PC World) PC World - Cingular becomes the nation's largest wireless carrier.
IBM supercomputing goes retro Big Blue puts a new twist on an older technology. But will it steal thunder from the computing giant's other big machines?\
Judge Blocks RIAA Mass Suits The music industry's tactic of mass file-sharing lawsuits is improper, a California judge rules. Also: Japanese scientists work on holographic phones....  Microsoft's antitrust case delayed but not over   hellip;. and more.
Pittsburgh Pounds Memphis Carl Krauser scores all but two of his 17 points at the free throw line to lead No. 11 Pittsburgh to a 70-51 victory over Memphis.
Morning After The Morning After -- Every week, uncut, honest thoughts first thing Monday morning, win or lose, before there #39;s time for  quot;the coach quot; inside to begin thinking rationally.
Netscape prototype browser more secure, says analyst AOL has unveiled a prototype of its revived Netscape browser without half the hype that Mozilla programs like Firefox and Thunderbird have been fetching.
Debt Ceiling Could Be Hit This Month The government should hit the national debt #39;s \$7.4 trillion ceiling this month, and the Bush administration told Congress again Monday it should raise the limit.
Report: VoIP to Top 12M Homes by 2009 The number of US households using Voice over IP (define) will rocket from 400,000 to 12 million over the next five years, a new report from JupiterResearch predicts.
Genentech Receives US Subpoena in Rituxan Marketing Probe Genentech Inc., the world #39;s second- biggest biotechnology company, received a subpoena from the US Attorney #39;s office in Philadelphia as part of a criminal and civil investigation into marketing of its top-selling drug, Rituxan.
TD, Two Tries at Kick Send Auburn Past LSU (AP) AP - The ball finally got to Courtney Taylor, the flag rescued John Vaughn and No. 14 Auburn proved itself an SEC contender. Jason Campbell hit Taylor for a 16-yard touchdown pass with 1:14 to play, and Auburn got two chances to kick the winning extra point in a 10-9 victory over No. 5 LSU Saturday.
Tremblay and Alexander tough it out Kathy Tremblay hoped to score a top-five finish in yesterday's Monster Challenge Triathlon. Instead, she took home first place, and a fat lip.
Salvation Army #39;s Bell Ringing Limited One of the holiday #39;s season most well-known sounds is back, but some stores are limiting where Salvation Army volunteers can ring their bells.
Frances Knocks Out Power and Floods Florida Hurricane Frances' wind and water whacked swaths of Florida with fire-hose force Sunday, submerging entire roadways and tearing off rooftops even as it weakened to a tropical storm and crawled inland with heavy rain. More than 5 million people lost power.
Colorado Rockies pitcher Denny Neagle cited for solicitation Colorado Rockies pitcher Denny Neagle was cited Friday for solicitation after a woman in his car said he paid her \$40 for oral sex, police said.
China raises interest rates for first time in nine years Beijing, Oct. 28 (PTI): China today raised its interest rates for the first time in nine years to consolidate macro economic adjustment and ensure healthy growth of the economy, the apex bank said here.
FDA Panel Rejects AstraZeneca Drug  BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - A U.S. panel of medical experts  recommended on Friday that U.S. regulators reject AstraZeneca's  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.N&lt;/A&gt; application to sell its anti-clotting drug  Exanta.
Eurostocks close higher Shares in the LSE jumped nearly 26 per cent to a new record at 540 pence after Deutsche Boerse made a 1.3-billion approach, which was rejected by Europe #39;s biggest equity market.
Iraq PM Asks UN States to Put the War Behind Them Iraq #39;s new prime minister, in his debut appearance before the UN General Assembly, appealed to world governments on Friday to put aside their differences over the war and help Baghdad rebuild.
Mac Skeptic: Are Hackers Now Gunning for the Mac? Macs still have fewer bugs than Windows PCs, but Apple moves to plug security holes before problems crop up.
Alcoa Third-Quarter Profit Rises Aluminum producer Alcoa Inc. said Thursday that third-quarter profit rose 1.1 percent in the third quarter compared with a year ago, but fell significantly compared with the previous three months.
For Women Worried About Fertility, Egg Bank Is a New Option For single women who want children, egg freezing may be a reproductive insurance policy.
Toshiba Wins HD DVD Support from 4 in Hollywood Toshiba Corp. (6502.T: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it had won support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from four Hollywood studios, advancing
Jazz Get Arroyo Back, Put Him in Lineup (AP) AP - Carlos Arroyo spent 30 minutes getting pregame treatment, then tried to hustle out onto the court. In such a hurry to rejoin the Utah Jazz, he made a wrong turn and headed toward the buffet line.
Shipbuilder to Stop Using Woods' Name (AP) AP - A shipbuilder has agreed to stop using golfer Tiger Woods' name and a photograph of his yacht for financial gain.
Lemieux set to face Russia once again It was Sept. 15, 1987, and Mario Lemieux scored the winning goal against Russia at Copps Coliseum in Hamilton to capture the Canada Cup.
Iverson ejected in pre-season victory over Raptors (AFP) AFP - Allen Iverson was ejected from the bench in the second quarter before his Philadelphia 76ers teammates rallied for a 108-103 victory over Toronto in a National Basketball Association preseason game.
Seiko Epson unveil updated micro flying robot Seiko Epson have unveiled their latest wireless flying micro-robot named the FR-II. The successor to the FR robot the latest micromechatronic contraption has a number of improvements.
ATA announces layoffs ATA Airlines is laying off 156 employees. Company spokeswoman Erica Keane isn #39;t commenting on reports that the Indianapolis-based ATA is trying to sell all or part of its holdings.
Fight for Fallujah continues CAMP FALLUJAH, Iraq After the deadliest day for US forces in Iraq in more than a month -- commanders are making it clear that the work in Fallujah (fuh-LOO #39;-juh) isn #39;t yet coming to an end.
FEDS #39; WTC PLAN SCRUBS CLEANUP FOR DOWNTOWN even if they #39;re still contaminated from the World Trade Center attacks. Three years after the Twin Towers #39; collapse and eight months
Car Bomb Kills 1 US Soldier near Abu Ghraib A car bomb killed one US soldier and two Iraqi police at a checkpoint near Abu Ghraib on Thursday morning. Separately, Iraqi police reported numerous injuries and some deaths in two
Dispute over commissioners ends after MEPs finally approve &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jose Manuel Barroso, the European Commission President, yesterday won the big majority from MEPs he needed for his new team of commissioners, as a three-week political crisis ended.
Cisco notches new Net phone deal Bank of America signs a deal to deploy 180,000 Cisco IP telephones nationwide over the next three years.
Loeb in limbo as French teams pull out SBASTIEN LOEB, the new rallying world champion, will be the highest-profile casualty of a shock decision yesterday by two leading French manufacturers to pull out of the sport.
Panthers Punter Arrested on DWI Charge (AP) AP - Carolina Panthers punter Todd Sauerbrun was arrested and charged with driving while impaired, a police spokeswoman said Thursday.
Sharon Faces Critical Gaza Vote Israeli lawmakers held a stormy debate on Ariel Sharons Gaza withdrawal plan ahead of a critical vote today that could give the prime minister crucial support for pushing forward.
US Space Agency Says Shuttle Repair Worries Remain The US space agency, NASA, says work continues on safety improvements on the space shuttle design in anticipation of the shuttle #39;s return to flight in 2005.
Home side left scrambling BLOOMFIELD, Township, Mich. - Colin Montgomerie has a memory like an elephant, though he has frequently shed (and is currently without) the matching body.
Cryonics Facility Must Show Willams Note (AP) AP - An Arizona cryonics facility must show a document to the nephews of the late Ted Williams that could prove the baseball Hall of Famer wanted to be frozen after his death, a judge has ruled.
Mariners went for an experienced manager this time After gambling on an inexperienced manager following Lou Piniella #39;s move to Tampa Bay two years ago, the Seattle Mariners decided that experience was paramount this time.
US Airways, pilots reach pact on cuts US Airways reached a tentative agreement with the leaders of its pilots union on \$300 million in annual concessions yesterday, a deal that would result in the pilots permanently losing 17.5 percent of their salaries in exchange for a chance to save the airline and their jobs.
Japan typhoon kills two The most powerful typhoon to hit eastern Japan in a decade has headed out to sea after pummelling Tokyo, leaving two dead, snarling transport on a long holiday weekend and forcing thousands in the countryside to evacuate.
Kewell fit for Liverpool Socceroo Harry Kewell has played down any injury concerns that arose from Tuesday night #39;s Confederations Cup play-off victory over the Solomon Islands and declared himself fit to take his place in the Liverpool line-up this weekend.
Fall Season Looks Solid for Retailers, But Holidays Could Be Another Story Against a background of lackluster retail sales in June and July, analysts and merchants still predict a decent, possibly strong, fall selling season for clothes, accessories and home furnishings.
Who's the man? Haas, Woods share lead ATLANTA -- It was fatherly advice sent cross-country from California to Boston two months ago.  quot;He's the man, quot; Jay Haas told his 22-year-old son, Billy, that Saturday night of the Deutsche Bank Championship.  quot;But remember: You're the man, too. quot;
BT to sell BlackBerrys in Europe BT on Monday struck a deal with Research In Motion to market RIM #39;s BlackBerry mobile e-mail and personal information management system in Europe.
Liverpool #39;s stadium plan approved The government has approved Liverpool #39;s plan to build a new stadium next to its current Anfield home. The decision means Liverpool can start building the 60,000-seat project next spring.
Angry mob burns aid compounds Angry mobs loyal to ousted Gov. Ismail Khan burned half a dozen international aid compounds, looted their contents and stoned national army troops sent to keep order
Williams to Be Reinstated After Suspension (AP) AP - Ricky Williams will serve a four-game suspension beginning next month, then will be reinstated to the Miami Dolphins by the NFL, according to his lawyer.
Yahoo Profit Triples on Google Stake Sale (Reuters) Reuters - Yahoo Inc. reported on Tuesday a\quarterly net profit that more than tripled from the year\earlier, boosted by the sale of shares it held in rival Google\Inc. and stronger online ad revenue that analysts said may\signal good results from other Web search providers.
AL Wrap: Rookie Pair Connect to End A's Losing Streak  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rookies Bobby Crosby and Nick Swisher  belted back-to-back homers in the eighth inning to rally the  Oakland Athletics to a 5-4 win over the Cleveland Indians in  the American League Saturday.
Holidays That are Out of This World It used to be that a trip to Africa or Antarctica qualified as an exotic tourist destination. But cash-rich tourists seeking adventure are now rejecting earthly adventures for destinations that are more out of this world.
Alomar Signs With Texas Six-time All-Star catcher Sandy Alomar Jr. agrees to a one-year contract with the Rangers to be a part-time player next season.
Sharon eases conditions to restart peace talks JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has indicated he is dropping a demand that Palestinians crack down on militant groups before he will resume peace talks.
Hughes brews a little magic against Raptors CBC SPORTS ONLINE - No matter how hard the Toronto Raptors fought or well they shot, the Washington Wizards always found a way to rally back.
Blast victim sues German agency A five-year-old victim of a Tunisian bomb attack brings a case against  Europe's biggest travel agency, TUI.
Plight of India's tribal peoples India's drive to adopt a western economic model is threatening those who make their living from the jungle.
#NAME? September 8, 2004 -- The Yankees are expected to send Major League Baseball a bill for between \$2 and \$3 million in an effort to recoup the money lost when the first game of Monday #39;s doubleheader was canceled because the Devil Rays didn #39;t make it out of
A view from the Anfield Road A Liverpool performance lacking in confidence and finishing ability spoilt what otherwise could have been a good result. When the Kop sung out You #39;ll Never Walk Alone as the players ran onto the hallowed turf, it felt like a night of old.
Microsoft to court: Eolas didn't invent patented tech WASHINGTON - An appeals court should throw out a half-billion-dollar patent infringement judgment against Microsoft Corp. because a lower court failed to recognize that the Web browsing patent was based on a technology that was not invented by the company awarded the money, a Microsoft lawyer argued Thursday.
College Football Wrap: Syracuse, Virginia Tech Win CHESTNUT HILL, Mass. (Sports Network) - Diamond Ferri and Damien Rhodes each rushed for over 100 yards and combined to score four touchdowns as Syracuse routed 17th-ranked Boston College, 43-17, in Big East action at Alumni Stadium.
NBA Wrap: Wins for Celtics, 76ers, Lakers Lose  BOSTON (Sports Network) - Paul Pierce nailed a jumper at  the buzzer to give the Boston Celtics a 90-88 victory over  Portland at the FleetCenter.
Melting Icy Egypt-Israel Relations Through a Trade Pact When Egypt, Israel and the United States signed a trade agreement this week, it represented the most tangible step in a monthlong thaw in chilly relations between the Egyptians and Israelis.
Sports: White Sox 7 Rangers 4 ARLINGTON, Texas The Texas Rangers made five errors in a 7-to-4 loss to the Chicago White Sox. Carl Everett homered for the Sox, who won their fourth straight.
SurfControl fights phishing scams In response to the growing threat that phishing poses to e-mail users, SurfControl plans to upgrade its e-mail filter to catch these attacks, and flag more spam and other abuses.
China aims at five-day space shot China is set to launch its second manned space flight, which will carry two astronauts into a five-day orbit around the Earth in 2005.
Barghuti Withdraws his Candidacy and Supports Abbas Palestinian leader Marwan Barghuti, 43, who is serving five life sentences in an Israeli jail, announced yesterday that he would withdraw his candidacy for the Palestinian presidency.
Javon Walker Has Arrived for Packers (AP) AP - He wears No. 84, gives defensive backs fits with his deep-ball prowess and leads the league in yards receiving. He's sure he'll make his mark on the big showdown Sunday between the Minnesota Vikings and the Green Bay Packers. Not Randy Moss. Javon Walker.
WORLD CUP QUALIFYING 2006: US close to clinching berth in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The USA moved one step closer to the final round of World Cup 2006 qualifying in the CONCACAF zone with a rather easy 2-0 win over El Salvador Saturday night in San Salvador.
Taking a crash course For Doug Mientkiewicz, the hardest part of playing second turned out not to be the double play pivot, fielding ground balls, or applying the tag on a steal. No, it came when he was hit by a 6-foot-3-inch, 230-pound train.
Hungary #39;s Socialists Dump PM, Forint Falls BUDAPEST, Hungary (Reuters) - Hungary #39;s ruling Socialists dumped Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy Thursday, in an attempt to strengthen their hold on a government which has slipped despite a stronger economy and entry into ...
Alonzo Mourning Helps Nets Win _ for Now (AP) AP - Alonzo Mourning knows he's running out of time in the NBA. He just wants to win, and he needs those victories to come quickly. Playing his second regular-season game following a kidney transplant, Mourning made consecutive shots in double overtime to help the visiting New Jersey Nets beat the Chicago Bulls 111-106 on Friday night.
MLB: Suzuki Breaks Most Base Hits Record The Seattle Mariners #39; Ichiro Suzuki has broken one of baseball #39;s oldest hitting records - most base hits in a season, set 84 years ago by Hall of Famer George Sisler.
Blue Chips Rise; J J Up, Goldman Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips moved higher  on  Thursday, getting a lift from Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt;  following its acquisition of medical device maker Guidant Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, but broader market gains were capped after investment  bank Goldman Sachs posted disappointing quarterly revenues.
PalmSource to unveil smart-phone software Operating system might help make up for a rough quarter and Microsoft nipping at the company's heels.
Irish coach unpacks his bags South Bend, Ind.- The bags under the eyes that hung heavy and seemed to age Notre Dame coach Ty Willingham beyond his years are gone.
Toxic Frogs, Birds May Get Their Poison From Beetles The Colombian poison-dart frog and six South Pacific bird species use the same rare neurotoxin in their skin and feathers. Now researchers say the animals may eat beetles to obtain the poison.
FIFA demand explanation from Spain World soccer #39;s governing body will investigate the racial taunting of England #39;s black players by Spanish soccer fans during two international matches this week.
Cingular to use AT amp;T brand six months after merger Cingular Wireless LLC, AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. and AT amp;T Corp. reported an agreement resolving issues related to the use of the AT amp;T brand in connection with Cingulars pending acquisition of AWS, as
NEWS ANALYSIS Tension in the Netherlands Everything started with the murder of radical film director Theo Van Gogh by a  quot;drug addict quot; of Moroccan origin in the Netherlands, where terror can strike even at the traffic lights in broad daylight.
Chelsea have destroyed me complains Mutu Disgraced Romanian striker Adrian Mutu on Sunday blasted Premiership side Chelsea for their haste in sacking him after testing positive for a banned substance.
German Medical Company Receives Subpoena German medical equipment company Fresenius Medical Care AG said Wednesday it has received subpoenas from the US Department of Justice calling on it to hand over documents about hormone-level testing and vitamin D therapies.
Kerry Challenges Bush to Weekly Debates (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Thursday\challenged Republican President Bush, to weekly debates from\now until the Nov. 2 presidential election.
India probes mad cow blood samples report (Reuters) Reuters - The Indian government is investigating reports that blood samples that could be contaminated with the human form of mad cow disease had entered the country from Britain, a top official said on Tuesday.
GE lights up as its sales explode General Electric brought a strong economy to life yesterday. The nation #39;s largest company, which by its presence in such a variety of businesses is considered a proxy for the broad economy, reported profit rose 11 to \$4.
Absentee Ballots by Email? tordia writes  quot;Bruce Schneier has come out against a plan proposed by the Missouri Secretary of State, Matt Blunt. Blunt #39;s proposal would allow  quot;soldiers at remote duty stations or in combat areas cast their
Judges rule file-sharing software legal update A federal appeals court has upheld a controversial court decision that said file-sharing software programs such as Grokster or Morpheus are legal.
All they ask for Christmas is to keep their two front teeth Just in time for holiday giving, parents are being warned that the popular yo yo water ball that kids bounce and twirl like a lasso is responsible for 400 child injuries nationwide since October, including five in Arizona.
UK bank mulls rival proposal for Man Utd The head of a British investment bank, Seymour Pierce, is considering a financial restructuring of Manchester United as a possible rival proposal to a planned takeover by US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer, a British newspaper reported today.
Compiled by Page 3 With real life news reading funnier than made-up comedy bits, the Late Night kings are loving every minute of it. Page 3 #39;s top shelf team (OK, it #39;s one dude out on the west coast, but he #39;s still top shelf) compiled
Intel Developing Optical Connect for Laptops, Servers Optical links will be cheaper, quieter, and smaller than copper ribbons, company says.
Ukrainian President Criticizes Court Order for New Vote In his first interview since Ukraine held a disputed election, Leonid D. Kuchma blamed the candidates and external pressure.
UPDATE 2-US mortgage applications fall last week-MBA New applications for US home loans fell last week from a four-month high even as 30-year mortgage rates declined to their lowest level since late March, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Two men to circle space for five days China #39;s second manned space flight will be conducted by two astronauts over five days in 2005.  quot;Shenzhou-VI will be blasted into space sometime next year, quot; said Zuo Saichun, a
CA execs can keep bonuses--for now Computer Associates International shareholders vote down a proposal to recoup money paid to top execs during an accounting scandal.
Wireless messaging and data access software adds Wi-Fi and more Good Technology says the latest release of its wireless messaging and data access software supports two new Windows Mobile devices -- the Samsung SPH-i700 and the HP iPAQ h6315 -- and adds Wi-Fi connectivity, more Outlook features, and boasts a 300
Practice Rink Plans Set A \$42.8 million training facility for the Capitals receives approval from the Arlington County Board on Tuesday and will be built at the Ballston Common Mall.
Halladay, Delgado top rankings It may not have shown in the standings, but it showed up in the stats. The last-place Blue Jays had the top-ranked pitcher and position player in the Major Leagues last season, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
Timberwolves 83, Mavericks 82 Kevin Garnett made two free throws with 5.9 seconds left then Trenton Hassell blocked Jerry Stackhouse #39;s long jumper at the buzzer, giving the Minnesota Timberwolves an 83-82 victory over Dallas on Monday night in the Mavericks #39; first of several games
Smaller Is Better on Battlefield Armed with miniaturized medical devices, surgeons bring advanced care to soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan just moments after they're hurt. By Randy Dotinga.
RealNetworks to offer discounted music SEATTLE -- RealNetworks Inc. will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers.
Nanotech will tap nature's potential, investor says Venture capitalist says a revolution is at hand, despite a setback like Nanosys' canceled IPO.
Park #39;s confidence evident in her game After opening the Samsung World Championship with a 10-under 62, she felt she might go just as low in the second round Friday. She left a few birdie putts short, but finished with a 67 to open a four-shot
Weyerhauser Posts Sharply Higher Profit Timber harvesting company Weyerhaeuser Co. said Friday that third-quarter profit rose sharply year-over-year on gains from a sale of timberlands in Georgia and a tenure reallocation agreement with the goverment of British Columbia.
Deere's Color Is Green With big tractors, big sales, and big earnings, Deere's hoeing a profitable row.
Flight attendants union chief wants strike PITTSBURGH -- The president of the United States #39; largest flight attendants union urged authorization of a nationwide strike and criticized the airline industry for using the bankruptcy process to obliterate collective bargaining rights.
Study ties Hussein, guerrilla strategy WASHINGTON -- The ''shock and awe quot; attack that toppled Saddam Hussein in three weeks is often touted as a brilliant strategy that defeated Iraq with relatively few US casualties. But new information suggests that the United States may have played into Hussein's plans for a quick war followed by a long guerrilla insurgency.
Govt  quot;may need to raise taxes quot; Public borrowing is set to rise and the government will need to raise taxes or reduce spending to decisively cut the deficit, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development says.
Update 1: Alitalia: July Revenues Below Expectations Struggling carrier Alitalia said Thursday that revenues were below expectations in July and August as domestic market share fell to 45 percent from about 50 percent last year.
JONES SUES CONTE FOR \$32 MILLION US sprint star Marion Jones has filed a \$US 25 million (\$AUD 32.7 million) defamation lawsuit against accused steroid peddler Victor Conte saying he has sullied her reputation by making false claims she used banned performance enhancing drugs.
Oracle puts patches on a schedule Following Microsoft's lead, software maker opts to issue fixes on a monthly timetable. But does that make customers more secure?
iPod Lifts Apple Apple sold 860,000 iPods in its third fiscal quarter ended June 30, more than twice the 336,000 it sold in the same period in 2003.
Halliburton Settles Brazil Oil Project &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; HOUSTON (Reuters) - Oilfield services company HalliburtonCo. &lt;HAL.N&gt; on Wednesday said its KBR unit had settled alloutstanding issues with state-owned Brazilian oil companyPetrobras over the Barracuda-Caratinga project, which has beenplagued by delays and cost overruns.&lt;/p&gt;
NFL Fines Broncos' Lynch for Hit on Hall (AP) AP - The NFL fined Broncos safety John Lynch  #36;7,500 on Wednesday for a hit he made against Chiefs receiver Dante Hall in the season opener.
Stocks Begin Quarter With Solid Gains NEW YORK, Oct. 1 -- Stocks kicked off the fourth quarter with a solid rally on Friday as investors bet the market would shake off continued uncertainty about the election, the war in Iraq and high energy prices to stage its traditional fourth-quarter surge.
Former Mexican Police Official Arrested (AP) AP - Federal agents arrested a former government security agent on charges of kidnapping a leftist rebel in 1975, the second former official to arrested in the disappearance of Jesus Piedra.
Explosion reported outside Saudi bank JIDDAH, Saudi Arabia - Al-Arabiya TV on Saturday reported that an explosion took place outside the Saudi-American Bank in Red Sea city of Jiddah.
Siemens A1.86bn deal with BBC German industrial giant Siemens has signed aA1.86 billion contract to deliver technology services around the world to the BBC, a deal that will see it acquire the broadcaster #39;s technology subsidiary.
US manufacturing expands Industrial output in the US has beaten forecasts in December, increasing for the 19th month in a row.
What Colorado's Amendment 36 means for America... During the nineties, our state saw an increase in population, due to "The Californians" (who we like to bitch about) migrating to our low tax/low smog state.  Though most of us natives like to bitch about their supposedly shallow, urban sprawl, rude soccer mom, cell phone, and shopping mall ways, they have done something useful and actually turned us backwards hillbilly, gun toting, Republican loving rednecks into a swing state. Now we have to deal with traffic on I-25 being snarled for hours whenever Dick Cheney decides to send his motorcade through rush hour.  The most important issue on the ballot in our state is Amendment 36, which would change our electoral voting from "winner takes all" to a proportional voting system.
IBM releases low-cost Unix servers Big Blue releases two new inexpensive Power5-based Unix servers to take on Unix machines from HP and Sun.
First Look: Service Speeds Wireless Info Gathering Pocket Express makes it easier and faster to get the info you need on connected handheld.
Stocks Set to Open Mixed Stocks were set to start mixed on Friday, as traders absorb a small drop in durable goods orders and the higher price of oil. On Thursday, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 70.
College established for Internet game industry A college to provide training for the Internet games industry has been opened in Beijing. China #39;s Ministry of Information Technology, the Hong Kong Vocational Training Council, and a Beijing Internet company devised the new college as a joint venture.
Honeywell Outsources Chip Design to IBM The ten-year deal is a major win for IBM #39;s young Engineering  amp; Technical Services unit. By Paul McDougall. Aerospace giant Honeywell International Inc.
'Potential Development' in Peterson Case REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - The judge in Scott Peterson's murder trial dismissed the jurors for the day Wednesday, saying, "There's been a potential development in this case."   Judge Alfred A...
Early Christmas present for Ronaldo Cristiano Ronaldo had plundered a double against Russia and the Portuguese teenager grinned like he had just received an early Christmas present.
Analysts wonder if OPEC influence waning As OPEC #39;s leaders prepare to discuss oil price and output targets amid strong demand, analysts wonder if the cartel #39;s influence has waned at a time when producers outside the
IDC: Commercial PC Demand Grows An increase in commercial PC demand growth has caused market research firm IDC to revise its forecast for 2004 PC shipments, the firm announced today.
Cops Test Handheld Fingerprint Readers EAGAN, Minn. (AP) -- Several Minnesota police departments are field testing a handheld device that scans a suspect's fingerprint and digitally checks it against Minnesota's criminal history and fingerprint database...
ID Biomedical's Shot in the Arm ID Biomedical appears well-positioned for the coming years, but it may be best to stay cautious on the company.
College Football: Tailback U takes on new meaning at Southern Cal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LANDOVER, Maryland It was a test of character not many people expected top-ranked Southern California would face so early in the season.
Blue Chips Fall on Oil, Apple Lifts Techs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell on Monday  as oil prices nudged higher and as drug maker Pfizer Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; and aluminum producer Alcoa Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt; were hit by  broker downgrades.
Money is the catalyst for good medicine Last week's disclosure that former House Speaker Thomas Finneran will run the Massachusetts Biotechnology Council was just the latest sign that life sciences is a key industry in Boston.
Stocks off slightly despite oil news A brokerage firm #39;s negative outlook for the semiconductor industry pushed down tech shares yesterday, while the broader market was little changed as a jump in jobless claims offset investors #39; relief over declining oil prices.
Palestinian Militant Shot to Death in West Bank Israeli army officials say soldiers killed Mahmoud Hammad, a member of the militant group Islamic Jihad, as he tried to escape from a house in the village of Raba, close to the West Bank town of Jenin.
AT amp;T will offer VoIP service in Hampton Roads The firm #39;s new Internet calling plan is cheaper than traditional phone service and has more features. AT amp;T has followed its recent announcement that it #39;s not marketing new residential telephone service by
KPMG Pays \$10 Mln to Settle with SEC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - KPMG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KPMG.UL target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KPMG.UL&lt;/A&gt; will pay \$10 million  -- the largest payment ever by an accounting firm in a U.S.  Securities and Exchange Commission action -- to settle charges  of improper conduct while auditing Gemstar-TV Guide  International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GMST.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GMST.O&lt;/A&gt;, the SEC said on Wednesday.
Coaching likely in Staley #39;s Olympic future With a gold medal dangling from her neck, Dawn Staley said Saturday that she won #39;t play basketball in the Olympics again. She sure would like to coach in one, though.
Longhorn Delay Stirs Dismay, Delight in Developers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - While many applaud the timely release of Avalon and Indigo and Microsoft's decision to "stop dreaming and wake up," others warn the company that it is eroding its credibility and letting Linux make usability gains.
Distributed XPCOM - A Mozilla Remote Scripting Framework?  \\A little history here.  Microsoft first invented COM  as a cross-language\object model.  This was a precursor in some ways to .NET and still has a great\deal of valuable functionality.\\Its pretty simple.  You just define an IDL (interface definition language) and\then if you have a runtime or compiler that supports COM you can call functions\on an object (component) written in another language.\\Mozilla XPCOM (Cross Platform COM) is similar in goals. You can write a\component in C and then call its functions from Javascript.  It also works the\other way around but isn't used as much.\\This makes Mozilla a very powerful platform.  You can write a XUL extension and\then use the internal com ...\\
Hollinger International to refile  #39;looting #39; case against ex-CEO Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. said Thursday it intends to refile the bulk of its dismissed case against ousted CEO Conrad Black and associates, intent on winning
Ortiz is cleaning up his act CHICAGO -- It's hard enough trying to hit a 5-ounce sphere hurtling toward the plate at 90-something miles an hour. For David Ortiz , it's even harder trying to do it batting fourth in the Red Sox lineup, although he didn't have much trouble last night.
CONTROVERSIAL MOVE TO LET AMERICANS HIT REBEL POSTS HARDER In a step fraught with risks for Prime Minister Tony Blair, Britain agreed yesterday to send 850 of its soldiers from relatively peaceful southern Iraq to a volatile area near Baghdad
This Date in Baseball for Sept. 14 (AP) AP - 1903  #151; Red Ames' debut with the New York Giants was a five-inning, 5-0, no-hit victory over the St. Louis Cardinals. The game was called in midafternoon because of unusual darkness.
Fed Pushes Up Interest Rates Again The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point Tuesday, marking the third increase this year.
Rossi brings Yamaha closer to title with Malaysian Grand Prix &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEPANG, Malaysia (AFP) - Valentino Rossi of Italy won the Malaysian motorcycling Grand Prix to extend his overall lead in the world championship here.
Holmes to decide on double Kelly Holmes has still to confirm whether she will attempt to repeat her Olympic double at this weekend #39;s World Athletics Final after clearing the first hurdle with a victory in the 1500m yesterday.
Carr in the high-speed lane for Bulldogs Senior tailback Robert Carr rushed for 160 yards on 32 carries and scored two touchdowns to lead Yale to a 21-9 win over Princeton yesterday in New Haven.
Red Sox lulled by Lilly TORONTO -- The powerful Red Sox offense, which last week had the Nation checking Yankee box scores for the first time in weeks, was rendered all but powerless last night by the artistry of Blue Jays lefthander Ted Lilly.
Wal-Mart Holds Sales View (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still anticipates\September U.S. sales to be up 2 percent to 4 percent at stores\open at least a year.
Why Robson is right man for the job Jeremy Peace researched the subject of Bryan Robson to such an extent that the West Bromwich Albion chairman would have no problems writing a detailed biography of his new manager.
Iran Dismisses New Nuke Site Charge as 'A New Lie'  VIENNA (Reuters) - A senior Iranian official said on  Thursday that the latest allegation that Tehran is hiding a  nuclear site from U.N. inspectors was a lie and denied that the  U.N. nuclear watchdog had even asked to visit it.
Firefox Browser Takes Market Share From Microsoft #39;s IE Although Microsoft has nearly 90 of the browser market, its share is down a full five points since May of this year. Mozilla Firefox is doing the damage, with 5.6 million copies downloaded in the last two weeks.
Tanguay, Zednik join NHL #39;s influx to Europe Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Colorado Avalanche left wing Alex Tanguay and Montreal Canadiens right wing Richard Zednik have both signed with European teams, joining a growing list of talent who will play overseas during the NHL #39;s current labor dispute.
Football games look to score A raft of football games are aiming to score with gamers\, but which top the league and which are heading for relegation?
Icahn, Group Offers to Buy Mylan Labs Veteran financier Carl Icahn said he and a group of investors are willing to buy Mylan Laboratories Inc. for \$20 per share, according to a Friday filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Typhoon leaves 18 missing or dead in Japan, South Korea The casualty toll from a typhoon that has lashed South Korea and Japan this week has reached at least 18 dead or missing.
Japan quake survivors face aftershocks percent chance of an earthquake of magnitude 6.0 or greater in the area in the next week. Saturday #39;s initial earthquake had a magnitude of 6.8.
Alcoa shares plunge on profit warning NEW YORK - Alcoa (AA) shares plunged more than 5 in early Friday trading after the world #39;s largest aluminum producer warned that third-quarter results would fall far short of Wall Street expectations, hurt by plant shutdowns, restructuring costs and
Stocks Seen Higher as Oil Eases Its Grip  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock futures pointed to a slightly  higher market open on Tuesday as crude oil prices eased for a  third day, giving hope to investors that costly oil was  loosening its grip on the stock market.
DoCoMo has 1Gbps link The future of wireless looks to be a showdown in wireless 1Gbps (1 gigabit per second) technologyjust weeks after Siemens announced it was working on technology to transmit 1Gbps wirelessly, NTT DoCoMo announces the same thing.
Liverpool reject ground sharing with Everton LIVERPOOL have denied reports yesterday that they would consider sharing their new stadium with rivals Everton. It had been reported that the two clubs would meet with government officials to discuss the controversial subject of sharing a ground.
Western leaders waiting for African solutions to African wars JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, Aug 19, 2004 (AP) -- As the month-end deadline nears for Sudan to disarm the Janjaweed militias in Darfur, the United Nations and Western powers debate how far to go to stop the killing ...
ConocoPhillips to make \$2 billion equity investment in Lukoil Houston-based oil company ConocoPhillips and Russia #39;s largest oil producer, Lukoil, jointly announced Wednesday in Moscow that ConocoPhillips will become a strategic equity investor in Lukoil.
Indian bandit goes out in blaze of gunfire INDIA #39;S most wanted bandit has been killed in a jungle shoot-out with police after more than 30 years on the run. Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, 60, had been accused of murdering police officers, slaughtering elephants and kidnapping a movie star.
Red Sox getting big effort from Wakefield The baseball gods have a heart, and it showed Monday in the Boston Red Sox #39;s 14-inning, 5-4 victory against the New York Yankees that extended their American League Championship
Mob sets train ablaze in Bangladesh protests DHAKA, BANGLADESH -- An angry mob set fire to a passenger train and protesters clashed with police across Bangladesh yesterday, leaving dozens of people injured, as violence spread a day after a grenade attack on an opposition rally killed 19 people and
WPP Bids for Gray Global -WSJ (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's WPP Group Plc has offered to\pay more than  #36;1.25 billion for advertising firm Gray Global\Group, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday, citing an\unidentified person familiar with the matter.
HP beats lowered forecast Hewlett-Packard said Tuesday that quarterly profit topped its own lowered expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business and every region.
GUNMEN KILL OFFICIAL In a separate incident in Baghdad, four oil workers from a Saudi Arabian firm - including an American and a Nepalese - were grabbed at gunpoint from their office.
Skype readies business telephone offering Skype plans to offer a business telephone service for  quot;individuals and workgroups, not CIOs quot; that the free Internet phone service provider believes will shake-up another major telephone market.
Soccer coach Tom Fitzgerald killed in accident TAMPA, Fla. Soccer coach Tom Fitzgerald has died after a motorcycle accident in Tampa, Florida. He was 53. Fitzgerald coached the University of Tampa to the NCAA Division Two soccer championship in 1994, then led UCLA to the Division One title in 2002.
Aussies finish 1-2 in women #39;s triathlon Austrian Kate Allen won gold in the Olympic women amp;apos;s triathlon Wednesday while American Susan Williams took the bronze. Allen was time in two hours, four minutes, 43.
Chirac Rival Sarkozy Gets French Party Boost (Reuters) Reuters - French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy\took over the ruling conservative party Sunday at a glitzy\American-style congress that put him on course to launch a\presidential bid and possibly challenge Jacques Chirac.
Four killed in Pakistan blast A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the city of Lahore, killing at least four people and injuring others, officials said.
Aftermath Of Athens 2004 Sports Scandal The Greek Parliament received a report Tuesday which examined state funding for a business owned by Christos Tsekos, the former coach of Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou, who are themselves under investigation for avoiding drug tests
Bush wants more US aid for Colombia drug fight President Bush said Monday he will lobby Congress next year to renew US anti-narcotics funding for this South American country amid concern in Washington about the federal budget deficit.
Pakistan, India agree to reopen second rail link ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and India on Friday ended a two-day meeting on reviving Khokhrapar-Monabao rail link and agreed to take necessary steps for an early resumption of the train service.
quot;Blog quot; heads top 10 words of year Editors of Merriam-Webster announced the most requested definition on the company #39;s Internet sites during 2004 was a four-letter word -- BLOG.
FyberSearch Acquires RSS Feed Search Engine FyberSearch Acquires RSS Feed Search Engine\\FyberSearch announced the acquisition of the feed archive search engine FeedPlex today in hopes of adding to its collection of useful search tools. FeedPlex is a feed search engine that provides Internet users the ability to find data in XML/RSS format on the web.\\"We are ...
Mystery Bidder Obtains Internet Patents A lawyer for an anonymous bidder acquired a set of patents covering important aspects of commercial Internet transactions for \$15.5 million.
Dilithium has 80 of 3G video telephony test market Dilithium Networks announced that NEC has purchased Dilithium Network Analyzer. Dilithium Networks estimates that 80 of 3G Mobile operators, network equipment vendors, and handset manufacturers use Dilithium
Advocate Or Promoter? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - As the second employee of InfoSpace, Jean-Remy Facq saw the value of his stock inflate and then collapse. Now he's suing in federal court in Seattle for a  #36;4.5 million refund of 1999 federal income tax. He's just one of 200 tech workers who have hired Seattle tax lawyer/CPA Brian G. Isaacson in the hope his novel theories will help them slash old (and sometimes unpaid) tax bills from their exercise of stock options for shares that later tanked.
Funds turn negative on global profits LONDON (Reuters) - Fund managers #39; views on corporate profitability worldwide have turned sharply negative over the past month for the first time in three years, a Merrill Lynch survey of fund managers shows.
AOL Concentrates On Security Issues With New Software (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - America Online Inc. is releasing a new version of its software today that focuses on increasing online safety and security, which the company hopes will help it hold on to more subscribers.
Two Arrested in Death of Idaho Player (AP) AP - A University of Idaho football player was shot to death and police arrested two brothers from Seattle after a car chase that extended across two states.
Nikkei Up 1.16 Pct; Fujitsu Jumps  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average rose 1.16  percent by midday on Tuesday as gains on Wall Street and a slip  in crude oil prices encouraged investors to scoop up bargains  following seven straight days of losses.
Goldman Sachs Quarterly Profit Up 23 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said fourth-quarter profit rose 23 percent as its  fixed-income, currency and commodities business soared while a  rebounding stock market boosted investment banking.
I was abysmal: Keane (AFP) AFP - Manchester United skipper Roy Keane has described his performance in the 2-2 Champions League draw with Lyon in midweek as 'abysmal'.
McKenzie reports for duty The holdout cornerback met with Packers coach/general manager Mike Sherman on Wednesday morning and reported for duty after missing the off-season minicamps, training camp and the first regular-season game.
Oppenheimer Fund Cuts Its Volatility (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Why does it matter who runs your mutual fund? Oppenheimer MidCap Fund is Exhibit A.
Giants: Harrington renders  #39;D #39; useless It should have been obvious to the Giants from the first series of the game yesterday that they were going to have problems containing the Detroit Lions.
Brown staying with United until 2008 Manchester United today ended the uncertainty over Wes Brown #39;s future at the club by announcing the central defender has agreed a new four-year contract.
Downer upbeat after North Korea meetings MARK COLVIN: The Foreign Minister, Alexander Downer, has met North Korea #39;s Foreign Minister and the President of the Supreme Peoples #39; Assembly in Pyongyang. As one of the few Western nations with diplomatic relations with the isolated totalitarian state, ...
Ex-soldier, warlord becomes Somali leader A former soldier, rebel and warlord was sworn in Thursday as the new president of Somalia in the latest attempt to unite the nation under a central government for the first time since 1991.
Qanuni Says Candidates to Accept Afghan Election  KABUL (Reuters) - The chief rival to Afghan President Hamid  Karzai in last week's historic presidential election said on  Monday he and several other candidates had dropped a plan to  boycott the election process.
Go-ahead for new internet names The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (Icann) has approved two new internet address types: .mobi and .jobs. This is just a preliminary approval.
Filipinos killed in market bomb blast Manila: An explosion rocked a market packed with Christmas shoppers in the southern Philippines yesterday, killing at least 13 people and injuring 52, the military said.
Diebold Cuts Forecast, Cites Voting Machine Woes Diebold, a manufacturer of automated teller machines, says that the cost of recertifying its electronic voting machines for use in Calfornia is forcing it to cut its quarterly earnings forecast by about 5 cents.
Total Lunar Eclipse on October 27 October #39;s lunar eclipse is well-placed for North and South America as well as western Europe and Africa. From the United States, the eastern two-thirds of the country will see the entire eclipse (weather permitting).
Big Red ready to see Crimson Last year's game against Cornell, was both a win and a loss for the Harvard football team. The Crimson defeated Cornell, 27-0, but lost quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick in the fourth quarter because of a fracture in his right hand that bumped him out of the lineup for two games.
Child rape trial begins on tiny Pitcairn Island A sexual abuse trial garnering international attention began on tiny Pitcairn Island, one of the most isolated places in the world.
Nikkei Falls by Midday, Techs Down  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average fell 0.29  percent by midday on Wednesday as investors took a breather  from the market's recent rises and sold shares of gainers such  as Sharp Corp. and other technology issues.
Air Force Rises Over Army Quarterback Adam Fitch runs for 115 yards and scores a touchdown to lead Air Force to a 31-22 win over Army on Saturday.
Army: JetBlue Data Use Was Legal A report by the Army's inspector general concludes that a controversial data-mining project involving airline passenger records did not violate federal privacy law. Critics say the report misinterprets the law. By Ryan Singel.
Army Reprimand Reported in Slaying One of four U.S. military officers in Afghanistan alleged to have murdered a local man they believed was following their movements was issued an official reprimand.
Kerry: Allawi's Take on Iraq Unrealistic (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said Thursday that Iraq's Ayad Allawi was sent before Congress to put the "best face" on a Bush administration policy that has gone wrong.
Knee Injury Puts Slutskaya's Preparations on Ice  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Former world champion Irina Slutskaya  has suffered another setback to her preparations for a new  figure skating season after injuring her knee in practice.
Lloyds TSB transfers 1,000 more jobs to India Lloyds TSB is moving another 1,000 jobs to India, increasing its workforce in Bangalore and Mumbai to 2,500 by the end of next year.
Newsview: Flawed Candidates Neck and Neck (AP) AP - After two debates, voters have seen President Bush look peevish and heard him pass the buck. They've watched Sen. John Kerry deny he's a flip-flopper and then argue that Saddam Hussein was a threat  #151; and wasn't. It's no wonder so few minds have changed.
Red Hat Hires Sun VP To Focus On Desktop Strategy Combined with recent Netscape app purchases, the move gets Linux provider closer to integrating desktops with network services. By Larry Greenemeier.
Spitzer Probe Could Focus on Health Insurance Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s blockbuster insurance industry probe, which has rocked Wall Street with charges of conflicts of interest, is likely to focus next on health insurance.
Wasserstein cancels board meeting to woo Lazard rebels Bruce Wasserstein, the chief executive of Lazard, has cancelled a board meeting scheduled for tomorrow that would have given him a further opportunity to push through
Service-Sector Growth Slows to a 2004 Low Growth in the services sector slowed in August although managers seemed more willing to hire new workers.
Dell puts Sun in shade on server share MARKET RESEARCH firm IDC said that revenues in the worldwide server market grew by 5.5 per cent in the third quarter of this year, valued at \$11.5 billion.
Business Briefing: Oct. 20 Padcom Inc. has new chief executive officer. Scott A. Stone, the Bethlehem company #39;s chief operating officer since last year, has been named CEO.
Anwar awaits key court decision Malaysia #39;s former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim is expected to find out on Wednesday whether he can return immediately to active politics.
Corning to take nearly \$3 billion in charges, cites gloomy telecom &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CORNING, NY -- Corning Inc. will take non-cash charges of as much as \$2.9 billion against third-quarter results as the company #39;s telecommunications unit continues to struggle with industry sluggishness.
Broadband Duopoly Calms Cable, Telecom Battles (Reuters) Reuters - The long-promised battle between U.S.\cable and telephone companies has so far been more of an uneasy\peace. Thanks to their duopoly over broadband Internet access,\it may stay that way.
Briefly: Macromedia giving away Flex roundup Plus: T-Mobile adds security measure to hot spots...Slashdot dips into politics...IBM releases low-cost Unix servers.
British tycoon plans for commercial space flights British airline magnate Richard Branson announces a hugely ambitious plan for the world #39;s first commercial space flights, saying he will send  quot;thousands quot; of fee-paying astronauts into orbit in the next five years.
U.S. Targets Zarqawi Network in Dawn Strike in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. forces destroyed a building in the  rebel-held city of Falluja on Thursday that they said was being  used by fighters loyal to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, whose group is  threatening to behead a British hostage.
Miller #39;s Winning Streak Ends at Three BEAVER CREEK, Colo. - Bode Miller #39;s three-race winning streak ended Thursday, but the American still added to his commanding lead in the World Cup overall standings by finishing second to Austria #39;s Stephan Goergl in a Super G.
Turkish hope on EU talks TURKEYS prime minister said admitting his Muslim-majority country to the European Union would contribute to  quot;reconciliation between civilisations quot;.
Sadr Signals He Will Accept Peace Plan Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr signaled that he would accept pleas to dissolve his militia and vacate the sacred Imam Ali shrine in Najaf, but asked for time for further negotiations.
Yellow Roadway Ups Guidance Yellow Roadway (YELL:Nasdaq - news - research) boosted its third-quarter earnings guidance to \$1.30 to \$1.35 a share, a dime better than its previous forecast.
Corners Spark Defense The play of cornerbacks Shawn Springs and Fred Smoot is a big reason why the Redskins' pass defense is ranked fifth in the NFL.
Oracle moves to monthly patching schedule Weeks after coming under criticism for sitting on patches for multiple holes in its database software, Oracle Corp. has announced that it is moving to a monthly patch release schedule.
No. 4 Georgia Tech Drills Michigan 99-68 (AP) AP - Georgia Tech raised its Final Four banner before the game, then played like a team that could win it all. The fourth-ranked Yellow Jackets took control with a 20-0 run, led by 27 points at halftime and went on to rout Michigan 99-68 Tuesday night in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge.
Philips Q3 earnings soar on one-time gains Third-quarter profits at Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV surged on one-time gains from stakes sold in two companies floated on the capital market, Europe #39;s largest consumer electronics maker said Tuesday in a statement.
Intel, AT amp;T in Tie-Up for Voice, Data, Wireless Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and AT amp;T Corp. (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) have signed a research and product development agreement covering Internet telephone technology
Caldwell Confident Despite Injury Woes Gary Caldwell insists he is confident Scotland can overcome their injury problems to secure the right results against Norway and Moldova.
When will the Fed catch its breath? Tuesday #39;s meeting could hold clues to whether it #39;ll be a November or December pause in rate hikes. By Chris Isidore, CNN/Money senior writer.
Win or lose, Red Sox are decisively a draw Red Sox plus Yankees equals big TV ratings in both Boston and New York. Friday night's series opener at Fenway Park earned a 21.6 rating (35 audience share), the best number a Channel 38 Red Sox telecast has earned during  quot;the modern era quot; of cable.
Sudan Links Southern Peace Talks to Darfur Rebellion Sudan accused southern rebel leader John Garang of backing an uprising in Darfur in the west, and said his support for western rebels could undermine talks to end 21 years of civil war in southern Sudan, a news agency with close links
Nvidia to supply PlayStation 3 graphics chip Nvidia will supply the graphics chip for the successor to the PlayStation 2 being developed by Sony, the companies announced. The deal also gives Sony the right to use the chip in its digital consumer products, according to the companies.
Golf: Singh shows Tiger who #39;s Number One Fiji #39;s Vijay Singh replaced Tiger Woods as the world #39;s No.1 ranked golfer today by winning the PGA Deutsche Bank Championship.
Hancock, homers hurt Chicago The Reds dealt Chicago #39;s playoff hopes a blow Tuesday night by using the Cubs #39; formula for winning: good starting pitching and home runs.
Central bank vague on future rate hikes, BMO bullish on economy The Bank of Canada remained vague Thursday about how quickly interest rates will continue to rise, while a separate report suggested the economy is poised to enjoy strong gains in the year ahead.
Three Minutes With Craig Newmark The Craig behind Craigslist speaks about his Web community #39;s popularity and touches on the site #39;s future. Craig Newmark, 51, is founder and caretaker of Craigslist, a Web site where nearly 6 million unique
Iran asks to soften uranium stance VIENNA -- Iran sought yesterday to partially roll back its commitment to freeze all uranium enrichment programs, demanding the right to run some equipment that can be used to produce nuclear arms.
US Airways Asks Pilots for Pay Cut  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt;, struggling to  avoid a second bankruptcy, has asked pilots for a 16.5 percent  pay cut, USA Today reported in its Friday editions.
Iraq Will Hold Elections on Jan 27-Vice President  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq will hold national elections on  Jan. 27, Vice President Ibrahim al-Jaafari said on Friday.
PUC delays decision to shift power costs here San Diego Gas  amp; Electric Co. customers won a reprieve yesterday when the state utilities commission delayed a decision that could shift \$1 billion in crisis-related power costs to local consumers and cause a major rate increase.
UN Report On African Economies Calls for Boost to Manufacturing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Africa is starting to enjoy economic growth again after years of dismal statistics, but to cut poverty and be more competitive its countries must invest more in manufacturing and improve their export performance, a major United Nations report on the
Oil Falls to 3-Month  Low Oil prices fell 3.5 percent to a three-month low Tuesday as mild winter weather sapped heating oil demand in the U.S. Northeast.
EU leaders consider bigger role in Iraq European Union leaders on Thursday considered taking on a bigger role in rebuilding Iraq and forging stronger ties with re-elected President Bush.
Sun Micro Posts Narrower Quarterly Loss  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Network computer maker Sun  Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUNW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a narrower  quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second  consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending  shares slightly higher.
CL Preview: Bayern host Juventus, Ajax face Maccabi Tel Aviv MUNICH/TEL AVIV, Nov 2 (SW) - Bayern Munich aim to take three points against Juventus on Wednesday, while Ajax Amsterdam travel to Israel to face Maccabi Tel Aviv in an attempt to stay in the race for the second round.
Rivals: Cisco's tactics unfair (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Cisco Systems' substantial influence over the  #36;8 million technology plan for San Jose's new City Hall reflects a deliberate strategy by the networking giant: get involved in the planning process early to win more business down the road.
SunTrust Expects to Restate (Reuters) Reuters - SunTrust Banks Inc. , the No. 7\U.S. bank, on Monday said it put two senior finance executives\on paid leave, and expects to restate first- and second-quarter\profit higher as it fixes errors in how it accounts for loan\losses.
Golden Times for Golden Arches Attitudes toward burgers have changed, and that's good news for McDonald's.
Sale considered for Northern Bank The owners of the Northern Bank have confirmed for the first time that it may be on the market. The National Australia Bank has said it will consider selling its operations on both sides of the Irish border.
Kenyan ex-ruling party says sorry Uhuru Kenyatta, leader of Kenya's former ruling party, apologises for mistakes made over the past 40 years.
Mozilla readies Firefox 1.0 release After 19 months of development, two name changes and more than 8 million downloads of its preview release, the Firefox browser is finally turning 1.0.
Judge ponders effectiveness of MS remedies LUXEMBOURG - The judge deciding whether Microsoft Corp. must comply with the European Commission's remedies for the company's antitrust violations questioned Friday whether the steps ordered by the Commission will effectively curb Microsoft's power.
Chechnya Bans Masks, to Open Fire on Infringers  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Police in the Russian region of Chechnya  have new orders to open fire on anyone wearing a mask, the  local interior minister was quoted as saying Thursday.
MSN vs. Apple  #39;Spotlight #39; For purposes of comparison, many people are sizing up MSN #39;s new desktop search program and toolbar suite against Google #39;s previously released desktop search program.
No more matches for umpire New York: Mariana Alves, the umpire at the centre of the controversial US Open quarterfinal between Jennifer Capriati and Serena Williams yesterday, will not officiate at any more matches in this year #39;s event.
Invincible but in tears For five weeks, they put a clamp on their feelings. They wanted to grieve, knew the time would come when they would be able to grieve, but also understood the time was not yet at hand.
Ballmer: Microsoft Software Too Expensive Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer recently declared that a \$100 PC was needed to combat piracy in the emerging economies. Ballmer was quoted as stating that  quot;There has to be...a \$100 computer to go down-market in some of these countries.
Western Drought Is Grounding Boaters Sarah Huston and her husband, Tom, spend their afternoons catching catfish and bass on Roosevelt Lake. When it gets too hot, they cast their lines off a shaded dock or relax inside their air-conditioned boat.
Solar Storms Smack a Comet (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Astronomers \have pieced together what \appears to be the first direct evidence that solar storms can wreak \havoc with comets, destroying the ion tails of icy wanderers nbsp;in a collision \of highly charged particles. nbsp;
Critical Flaws in Mozilla, Thunderbird The Mozilla Project has issued a warning for a series of  quot;highly critical quot; security holes in three of its core projects, including its flagship Firefox Web browser and the Thunderbird e-mail client.
RadioShack Profits as Wireless Sales Jump (Reuters) Reuters - RadioShack Corp.  on Tuesday\posted a 22 percent rise in its third-quarter profit due to\strong wireless sales and cost control, and reaffirmed its goal\to grow 2005 earnings by as much 21 percent.
Three Palestinians die in Gaza Strip Palestinian sources reported early Saturday that a civilian died of wounds he sustained earlier when Israeli forces raided Khan Younis city a week ago.
Apple Unveils Fastest, Most Affordable iBook G4 Ever The fastest, most affordable iBook G4 ever features built-in AirPort Extreme 54 Mbps 802.11g wireless networking across the line and prices starting at just \$999. The iBook line includes PowerPC G4 processors running up to 1.33GHz and an available slot-load SuperDrive for burning DVDs, as well as Apple #146;s iLife  #145;04 suite for managing digital music and photos, making movies and music and creating professional-quality DVDs. Oct 19
Clubhouse Chatter: A trade that works for everyone Usually when a trade involving a high-priced player of a small market team gets consummated, there is generally the sense that the small market team is being taken advantage of.
Small-Caps Still Outperform Large-Caps stocks of companies with a market capitalization between \$100 million and \$2 billion, calculated as shares outstanding times share price -- outperformed larger-cap stocks last quarter.
Najaf Fighting Continues Amid Peace Push BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi delegates delivered a peace proposal to aides of Muqtada al-Sadr in Najaf on Tuesday, but the militant cleric refused to meet with them as explosions, gunfire and a U.S. bombing run persisted in the holy city...
Int #39;l Paper to Sell Woodlands for \$250M International Paper Co., the world #39;s largest forest products company, has agreed to sell all of the 1.1 million acres of woodlands it owns in Maine and New Hampshire to GMO Renewable Resources LLC for \$250 million.
Clean green cars move one step closer A new generation of cheaper and more efficient hydrogen fuel cells may bring the environmentalists dream of affordable, green cars one step closer to reality.
Eisner #39;s Exit Plan Good for Disney -Analysts While fans of Michael Eisner argue that his 20-year legacy of continued financial and stock growth at the Walt Disney Co. is a strong achievement, Wall Street observers say his record is more mixed.
To Which Viktor the Spoils? This weekend Ukraine votes for its first new president in 10 years. The accusations, scare tactics and media bias surrounding the contest between current Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and former PM and
Micron plans China plant MICRON Technology, the worlds number two maker of computer memory chips, is planning to build its first plant in China by 2005.
Amazon #39;s discount strategy worries analysts Three years ago, the online retailer responded to slowing sales by adopting the strategy of successful retailers such as Costco and Wal-Mart - to deeply discount items and reap a profit by increasing its sales volume.
NM governor wants UC regents to continue running Los Alamos New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson traveled to California yesterday to urge the University of California regents to compete to continue managing the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
Notre Dame Says Coach Search Is Ongoing (AP) AP - Notre Dame's Plan 'A' appears to be heading to Florida.
Ways to cope with emergencies  quot;No one around here cares about the customers, quot; the Northwest Airlines agent ruefully told me on the phone. My father-in-law had just died, and I was frantically trying to get two of our kids
Economy Improves, but Not Optimism One week before the elections, the national economy remains stuck in a fragile and sluggish recovery.
Iowa can't match Michigan ANN ARBOR , Mich. -- Braylon Edwards caught six passes for 150 yards and a touchdown and No. 18 Michigan turned four turnovers into 27 points in a 30-17 win over Iowa yesterday.
Europes big three gives Iran last chance to come clean on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA - Europes three main states were Thursday to give Iran a last chance to reassure the world it is not secretly developing atomic weapons, offering valuable nuclear technology as a carrot and possible UN sanctions as the stick.
Martin says Canada ready to help train election workers, monitor vote in Iraq (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The Canadian government is willing to smooth the way toward a national election in Iraq by helping to train officials there and monitor the voting process, say Prime Minister Paul Martin.
Providence writes off Penn Dwight Brewington went 5 for 5 from 3-point range and scored a career-high 21 points last night, leading host Providence to an 89-52 win over Pennsylvania in the second round of the Preseason NIT.
Vodafone unveils advanced service LONDON Vodafone, the world #39;s biggest mobile phone operator, introduced long-delayed services like video calling across much of Europe on Wednesday, showing its cards four years after it got caught up in a \$100 billion-plus bidding frenzy that gripped the
Absa Says Stake-Sale Talks With Barclays Progressing (Update4) Absa Group Ltd., South Africa #39;s fourth- biggest bank, said talks to sell a controlling stake to Barclays Plc, the UK #39;s No.
Verizon Wireless Will Pay \$3 Billion for Additional Capacity Verizon Wireless said it would pay \$3 billion in cash for the spectrum licenses owned by NextWave Telecom, a move that should expand coverage for new subscribers.
Sharman witness: Tech can control illegal swapping Sharman Networks has called former Napster expert witness Justin Tygar to give his testimony during the ongoing trial against the parent company of Kazaa for alleged copyright infringement.
IBM reported to put its PC business up for sale San Francisco, December 4: IBM is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business in a deal that could be worth up to \$2 billion and would cap a gradual withdrawal from the business it helped to pioneer in 1981.
They're letting their hair down They are baseball's Delta House, the ragtag Pointer Brothers of Yawkey Way. Winning just about every game on their march to the playoffs, the 2004 Red Sox look like they're going on down to Yasgur's farm to join in a rock 'n' roll band.
Comcast Subpoenas Elected Leaders In Montgomery Who Favored Union Two Montgomery County Council members who supported a campaign by employees of Comcast Cable Communications to form a union have been subpoenaed by company attorneys in a federal labor relations case involving a Rockville man who says he was illegally fired by the firm.
Astros Killer B's Running Out of Chances (AP) AP - The Killer B's are back to try again, facing a familiar nemesis. Who knows? This might be the last chance for Craig Biggio and Jeff Bagwell to show they can come through when it matters most.
Cisco, Others Expand 10 Gigabit Ethernet Switches DECEMBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Cisco Systems Inc. last week added two supervisor engines with 10 Gigabit Ethernet ports to its midrange and high-end switch lines, and Alcatel and Hewlett-Packard Co.
Japan presses Pyongyang on six-party nuclear talks Japan urged North Korea on yesterday to return to six-way talks on the North #39;s nuclear weapons program in a third day of meetings focusing on the fate of missing Japanese citizens kidnapped by Northern spies, Japanese officials said.
Q amp;A on Cingular-AT amp;T merger A: Combining the two companies #39; networks should result in clearer calls, fewer dropped calls during peak hours and broader availability of coverage.
No Jazz in Russia New York, NY (Sports Network) - The NBA has decided to postpone the pre-season game the Utah Jazz were scheduled to play in Russia because of security concerns.
Harrah #39;s, Caesars looking to sell four casinos Harrah #39;s Entertainment (HET) and Caesars Entertainment (CZR) said Tuesday that they have begun negotiations to sell four casinos, in a move expected to reduce
Miloevic can defend himself but must accept court lawyers, UN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 1 November 2004 - Slobodan Miloevic can go back to representing himself in his ongoing genocide trial but must let his court-appointed lawyers assist him if his health threatens to interfere with the case, a United Nations tribunal ruled today.
Glazer signals intentions by opening talks with new bank Malcolm Glazer #39;s intention to make a hostile bid for Manchester United was underlined yesterday as he held talks with Deutsche Bank about financing a deal.
Macys name goes national Recognizing the power of its single largest retailing name, Federated Department Stores Monday said it will re-brand all of its regional chains into Macy #39;s stores.
Agassi Headlines Fourth Day of U.S. Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Andre Agassi headlines day four of the  U.S. Open Thursday as he seeks a place in the third round at  his home grand slam.
QB McCown to Start Sunday for Cardinals  TEMPE, Ariz. (Sports Network) - Josh McCown has re-claimed  his role as the Arizona Cardinals' starting quarterback, at  least temporarily.
Canceled checks, float soon to disappear Every night, millions of cashed checks fly around the country, headed for their home bank. Starting in October, technology will start to ground many of those flights.
AdWatch: Bush Touts Job Creation in TV Ad (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush that begins airing this week:
EGuinea officials to question Thatcher, probe Armenian company over coup (AFP) AFP - A team of state prosecutors from Equatorial Guinea was set to leave Malabo for South Africa to question Mark Thatcher over his alleged involvement in a complex bid to oust President Teodoro Obiang Nguema, a government source said.
EU Leaves Option Open on Boeing Tariffs (AP) AP - The European Union left open Monday the option of levying punitive tariffs against Boeing Corp.  #151; the main beneficiary of U.S. tax breaks found to violate global trade rules. The move came despite a U.S. warning that it could aggravate a trans-Atlantic fight over subsidies to Boeing and its European rival, Airbus.
Update 2: DoubleClick Studies Sale, Other Options The online advertising market is hot, but pioneer DoubleClick Inc. isn #39;t. The provider of Internet advertising services has decided to explore strategic alternatives, including a possible sale.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas - A Second Look A collection of IGN editors from all over the network chime in with their opinions on the biggest PS2 game of the year. November 02, 2004 - Getting the highest score in the history of IGN #39;s PlayStation 2 channel
Gridiron prediction: Kerry WASHINGTON _ Forget the polls, the football verdict is in and it goes to John Kerry. In every presidential election since 1936, the Washington Redskins #39; last home game before the election has accurately predicted the winner.
Greek, British police break illegal software ring NOVEMBER 12, 2004 (REUTERS) - In a joint operation, Greek and British police have cracked a multimillion-dollar illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated high-tech software programs.
Opera to launch browser for Windows Mobile Move signals a shift in strategy for company that competes against Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser.
Dinosaurs Were Doting Parents, Fossil Find Suggests Researchers in China have unearthed the fossil remains of a parrotlike dinosaur surrounded by 34 juveniles. The find suggests dinosaurs were nurturing parents.
Microsoft cash makes some legal problems disappear WHAT MICROSOFT DID: Paid \$536 million cash to rival Novell Inc. to settle potential antitrust complaints over Microsoft #39;s alleged actions toward Novell #39;s Netware operating system, which competes with Windows software.
DVD Sales Will Drive Pixar #39;s Earnings Credit Suisse First Boston maintained an  quot;outperform quot; rating for Pixar Animation Studios (nasdaq: PIXR - news - people ) after the animated film company reported robust earnings for the third quarter.
Iraqi Troops Raid Baghdad Mosque, 17 Detained (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of Iraqi troops backed by U.S.\forces stormed a Sunni Muslim mosque in Baghdad after Friday\prayers, killing four people and wounding at least nine,\witnesses and an influential group of Sunni clerics said.
Rockets Hit Hotel in Baghdad; Shiite Rebel Offers Truce Deal The rocket attack temporarily overshadowed a pledge by a top aide to Moktada al-Sadr to disarm his militia.
Jaguar faces strike ballot Union members at Jaguar today voted overwhelmingly to oppose closure at the Browns Lane plant in Coventry and backed a call for an industrial action ballot.
Nortel Restatement Seen Next Week  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Analysts will wade through the flood of  revisions to financial data that Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt;  is expected to unleash next week looking not so much for  insights into its past, but for clues to its future.
No retreat on Iraq, Bush vows UNITED NATIONSThe United States will stick to its guns in Iraq, despite increasing violence, US President George W. Bush vowed yesterday.
Anthem deal looks healthy for state Our position is: Anthem #39;s ability to move forward with merger is an important victory for Indiana #39;s economy. Thanks to California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi #39;s decision to finally relent and approve
Stocks Seen Lower After Three-Day Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a  slightly lower market open on Monday as investors pause after a  three-day rally last week, with interest rates and a weakening  dollar gaining focus now that the presidential election is  over.
Billy Joel Marries 23-Year-Old Fiancee (AP) AP - Singer-songwriter Billy Joel married his fiancee, 23-year-old Kate Lee, in a ceremony Saturday at his Long Island mansion, his record label said. Joel, 55, wed Lee in a sunset wedding at his waterfront home, Newsday reported in its online editions. Columbia Records, Joel's label, announced the marriage Saturday night. A spokeswoman for Joel could not immediately be reached for comment.
Mystic crocodiles draw thousands of devotees in southern Pakistan (AFP) AFP - Crocodiles with huge teeth-filled mouths lie in the sand and slap their snouts on the edge of sulfur springs, greeting worshippers who journey to the Mango Pir shrine on the outskirts of Pakistan's volatile port city Karachi.
4 Agree to Jail Sentences in Chip Price-Fixing Case Three German citizens and an American have agreed to serve jail time as part of an investigation into price fixing in the computer memory market.
Chavez urges opposition to recognize results of referendum CARACAS, August 22 (Itar-Tass) -- President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez has called on the opposition to recognize the results of a referendum on confidence in the president held on August 15.
Sudan cease-fire violation investigated African Union ceasefire monitors are investigating claims that the Sudanese military bombarded a village from helicopter gunships, driving terrified farmers from their homes, only days before the expiry of a UN deadline to end the violence in Darfur.
Woods, Mickelson to Start in Ryder Cup BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Always rivals, barely friends, finally partners...
Afghan President Condemns Violence Against Aid Workers Afghan President Hamid Karzai has expressed concern about violence against aid agencies in the country. The president #39;s office said Thursday non-governmental organizations have provided invaluable services
Time on Jones #39;s side Even if indicted BALCO chief Victor Conte has the doping goods on sprinter Marion Jones, it #39;s unclear whether the International Olympic Committee can revoke the five medals she won in Sydney in 2000.
Golovin ready for Russia All eyes will be on Tatiana Golovin of France when she faces Anastasia Myskina in the Fed Cup final on Saturday. The Moscow-born 16-year-old has returned to Russia for the first time this week, and will play
Merck seeking new CEO The Wall Street Journal reports Merck  amp; Co. of Whitehouse Station, NJ, has begun hunting for a new chief executive officer. The move comes amid a string of bad news at the drug maker, including its recent
Threats Delay Vote Preparations in Mosul (AP) AP - Death threats have chased away four elections officials in Mosul, stalling preparations for the vote in the northern city. Insurgents have torched election materials and a militant group believed to operate in Mosul has warned Iraqis not to participate in the election.
Don't Mess With Librarians The timid media won't do it, so 'radical' librarians are standing up against the government to protect free speech and fight censorship. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
File-Spoofing Anti-Piracy Firm Expands in Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Overpeer, an anti-piracy technology firm\best known for flooding Internet file-sharing networks with\bogus music and movie files, is expanding into Europe, the\company said on Wednesday.
Fed #39;s Santomero says rate rises have a way to go The Federal Reserve still has some way to go to restore US interest rates to more normal levels, Philadelphia Federal Reserve President Anthony Santomero said on Monday.
Soggy summer hits Boots #39; sales growth HIGH street giant Boots reported a cooling in sales growth today after disappointing summer weather stalled demand for suncare products.
Hamas Fires Rockets, Gaza Attack Goes On (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinians in Gaza fired two more\makeshift rockets at Israel on Wednesday and Israeli Prime\Minister Ariel Sharon ordered his army to press on with a\week-old offensive that has killed 75 Palestinians.
Rovers begin boss search Blackburn have started the search for a successor to Graeme Souness, with the club revealing they have received 20 serious applications for the post.
Chief Says Fannie Mae Did Nothing Wrong Franklin D. Raines, the head of Fannie Mae, took issue with every major damaging conclusion of the mortgage giant's regulator on Wednesday.
Tennis Player Draper to Join Australian Golf Tour  MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australian tennis player Scott Draper  qualified Friday for Australia's secondary golf tour and said  he planned to play both sports next year.
Thomson receives SEC subpoena NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Thomson Corp. #39;s Thomson Financial unit said it received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission requesting documents related to its Capital Markets Intelligence business.
Talks to resume N. Ireland peace collapses No agreement has been reached in the negotiation between Northern Ireland #39;s Democratic Unionist Party, or DUP and its rival Sinn Fein, to resume peace talks.
Monarch Butterflies Go Missing in Vt. (AP) AP - Experts say few migrating monarch butterflies are being spotted in Vermont this year where once they were common autumn sights.
Cambodia PM Urges Swift Succession if King Retires (Reuters) Reuters - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen,\concerned for his country's political stability, said on Sunday\that a new monarch should be chosen next week if King Norodom\Sihanouk was determined to retire.
J.C. Penney Third-Quarter Profit Rises  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Department store operator J.C. Penney  Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JCP.N&lt;/A&gt; posted higher third-quarter profit on Tuesday,  helped by stronger sales and fewer markdowns.
New York gets Pedro, Pavano On Nov. 18, 1997, the Red Sox sent a young minor league pitching prospect named Carl Pavano to the Montreal Expos in exchange for Pedro Martinez.
Barrichello takes Monza win Rubens Barrichello leads home Michael Schumacher to seal a Ferrari one-two at the Italian Grand Prix.
Al-Zarqawi militants attack Iraqi Army recruits TONY EASTLEY: The brutality of the violence in Iraq has reached a new low after 49 young Iraqi men were forced to lie on the roadside and each was shot in the back.
AMD pushes PC with Athlon 64 FX AMD is expected to unveil its most powerful desktop processors to date today, a few days after rival Intel disclosed changes to its desktop processor road map.
Rwanda vows to attack rebels President Paul Kagame said Congo and the international community had failed to tackle the rebels for 10 years.  quot;If the international community cannot take care of this problem
Mariners sign Beltre After finishing at the bottom of the AL West and winding up last in the league in runs and homers, the Mariners reached agreement with Beltre on a \$64 million, five-year deal Thursday, The Associated Press learned.
Contentious race for power Cars circle the roundabout in the center of Ramallah in no particular order, and groups of young Palestinian men hang out on a steel structure in the middle.
Dutch Professor Gets Swedish Science Prize (AP) AP - A Dutch professor became the first recipient of a new Swedish science prize in the field of medical education research, the awarding body said Monday.
Mutu in talks with Juventus Sacked former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was in Italy today for talks with Serie A leaders Juventus. The disgraced Romanian international is banned from all football until
Garner to Stay on as Astros Manager The Houston Astros are to retain Phil Garner as manager, a reward for his mid-season rescue act which led the team to the playoffs.
Arafat condemns Tel Aviv attack Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in Paris, condemned Monday a suicide bombing which killed three civilians and the bomber in Tel Aviv, his senior advisor Nabil Abu Rudeina said.
EU prepares green light for Turkey #39;s entry BRUSSELS: The EU sought Wednesday to keep pressure on Turkey over its bid to start talks on joining the bloc, as last-minute haggling seemed set to go down to the wire at a summit poised to give a green light to Ankara.
Pope Urges Greater Christian Harmony (AP) AP - Despite progress, many "stumbling stones" still stand in the way to greater harmony between the branches of Christianity, Pope John Paul II said Saturday.
Stern Goes Satellite, But Will Listeners Follow? Sirius claims it will need to generate only one million more subscribers to pay for the five-year, US\$500 million deal with Stern.
Panasonic adds smart card function to SD memory Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd., better known for its Panasonic brand, will start selling SD (Secure Digital) memory cards that can be used as smart cards in Japan by the end of 2005, the company said Friday.
INTERVIEW: Newbridge Wants To Expand Australia #39;s ALH -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--US private equity group Newbridge Capital Inc. (NBG.XX) said Wednesday it plans to expand Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group Ltd.
Fed Saw 'Solid' Growth Reserve staff predicted in August that the economy would grow through next year, in part because interest rates would remain relatively low during that time.
Stocks Slump on Gloomy Economic Forecasts NEW YORK - Stocks sagged Wednesday after Coca-Cola Co. and several other companies issued gloomy forecasts, and a lower-than-expected reading on industrial production for August threw the nation's broader economic outlook into question...
U.S. Pre-Ramadan Raids Net Insurgents BAGHDAD, Iraq - Stepping up raids before the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, U.S. forces traded fire with insurgents in the Sunni stronghold of Ramadi, officials said Thursday, while troops detained 10 people, including two suspected insurgent leaders, in a sweep of Baqouba...
Check up on your check If you #39;ve been expecting an income-tax refund but haven #39;t received it yet, there #39;s a way to check with the Internal Revenue Service.
Chirac inaugurates world #39;s tallest bridge in France MILLAU, France (AFP) - As air force jets screamed overhead, French President Jacques Chirac inaugurated the world #39;s tallest bridge, a stunning masterpiece of engineering that will carry drivers 270 metres (885 feet) above ground.
At White House, Bush and Blair restart push for Palestinian state WASHINGTON -- President Bush pledged yesterday to ''do what it takes quot; to help create a democratic Palestinian state living peacefully with Israel and said ''it is possible quot; such a state could come into being before he leaves office in four years.
Cisco target of patent lawsuit A small company claims that Cisco stole its intelligent routing technology, and the company's lawyer is looking for a big pay-out.\
Witness says Kazaa activity can be monitored A witness in the ongoing civil trial against peer-to-peer software provider Sharman Networks has added weight to testimony that logs can be maintained to trace users who are exchanging unlicensed music online using the Kazaa software.
Toshiba hikes flash memory output Capacity at Japanese plant to increase 7.5 to meet demand from digital camera, cell phone makers. TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp.
Secret Service Nabs 28 in Online Fraud Sting (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - An undercover investigation led by the U.S. Secret Service has led to the arrests of 28 individuals suspected of being part of a global organized cybercrime network. Charges against the suspects include identity theft, computer fraud, credit-card fraud and conspiracy.
Former Iranian president says Iran has missiles with 2,000 km &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani announced in Tehran on Tuesday that Iran has now missiles with a range of 2,000 kilometers, saying there are  #39;next stages #39; to the capability, IRNA reported.
Blast at Pakistan Shiite Mosque Kills 16 ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - A suicide attacker detonated a huge bomb inside a crowded Shiite Muslim mosque in an eastern Pakistani city during Friday prayers, killing at least 16 people and wounding dozens, officials said.    Police said that hundreds of people were inside the Zainabia mosque in the city of Sialkot at the time of the blast, which severely damaged walls and left body parts scattered inside...
NASA Capsule Containing Solar Wind Particles Crashes (Update1) A space capsule containing NASA #39;s first sample from space in more than 30 years crashed into the Utah desert today after its parachutes failed to open.
Pfizer Plans Test Of Its Arthritis Drug Pfizer Inc. on Monday announced a major clinical trial of its Celebrex arthritis drug to gauge its possible cardiovascular benefits for osteoarthritis patients.
FCC Insists Broadband Deployment Improving  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. communications regulators on  Thursday insisted the United States was making progress in  rolling out high-speed Internet service, despite falling  further behind other countries.
AUTO RACING: Fighting-mad Mayfield fired up for the Chase Talk about a roller-coaster ride for the 35-year-old racer from Owensboro, Ky., who made the drive of his life last Saturday night at Richmond International Raceway.
Report condemns Gaza demolitions Israel's demolition of Palestinian homes is illegal and militarily unjustified, claims a report by Human Right Watch.
William Hill 1st-Half Profit Jumps on Betting Results (Update2) William Hill Plc, the UK #39;s No. 2 bookmaker, said first-half profit jumped 36 percent as fewer favorites won at events such as the Euro 2004 soccer tournament.
Wildcats offense will give Boilers a good challenge Northwestern characterizes its offense as a spread formation, but dont expect to see too many familiarities with the kind of spread offense Purdue uses.
Sugar Bowl will leave Tigers with bitter taste If theyd lost a game, they would understand. If they hadnt won their conference championship game, they wouldnt argue. If theyd even ever really struggled to win, they could see being left out on the championship picture.
Stock Fund Inflow Slows To  #36;9.46 Bil (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Despite a sagging stock market, investors put  #36;9.46 billion into stock mutual funds in July.
Cole pleads for Blues chance Joe Cole has pleaded for another chance to prove himself at Chelsea as his Stamford Bridge future remains clouded in uncertainty ahead of the transfer window.
Fannie Mae May Buy Fewer Mortgages to Meet Capital Requirement Fannie Mae, the largest US mortgage buyer, may slow purchases of home loans to meet its regulator #39;s demand to boost capital, hurting earnings prospects.
US horse hurt while winning jumping bronze; Ireland takes gold American rider Chris Kappler won bronze in show jumping Friday, but his accomplishment was bittersweet. Kappler #39;s horse, Royal Kaliber, broke down on course in a timed jumpoff and was taken from the Olympic
Failure in demand causes LCD sales slump IT #39;S OFFICIAL. People didn #39;t flock to buy LCD units in the second quarter which is disappointing news for manufacturers, which are now awash with the fancy thin film transistor glass.
Nature and Nurture, the Recipe for Olympic Gold Olympic champions have their parents to thank for their physiology #151;but no one is born a world-record holder. That also requires training, nutrition, desire, and determination.
The Rail World (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - In 1986 Rohan Vos, a wealthy South African auto-parts dealer, bought several vintage railcars for his private amusement. He wanted to take his wife, four children and four dogs on a jaunt. He phoned Spoornet, the main state railway of South Africa, to rent a locomotive. Sure, said Spoornet. But the price caused Vos to blanch. Well then, suggested the officious official, Vos would simply have to take along some paying passengers.
Congress May Act on Internet Piracy Bill Congress may consider a bill that could send thousands of Internet music and movie downloaders to jail, but the legislation faces opposition from groups that say it would unfairly punish consumers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
No. 13 Louisville 85, N. Carolina A amp;T 51 Larry O #39;Bannon scored a season-high 25 points and grabbed 11 rebounds to lead No. 13 Louisville to an 85-51 victory over North Carolina A amp;T on Tuesday night.
A Very African Coup The plot: Sir Mark Thatcher had it all; cars, cash, kudos and a Cape Town paradise to call home. Today hes under house arrest and the outcome could yet be a tragic one.
Bombers target Iraqi security forces BAGHDAD - Two powerful car bombs exploded simultaneously Saturday near Baghdad #39;s most heavily guarded area, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 59 others.
Barnes   Noble Posts Lower Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Barnes   Noble Inc. , the top\U.S. bookseller, on Monday said quarterly profit fell due to\higher expenses and weaker demand for bestseller titles,\sending its stock down more than 2 percent.
Sudan Delegations in Nigeria for Peace Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Sudanese Darfur rebels arrived in Nigeria\on Sunday ahead of peace talks under the African Union (AU) to\resolve a conflict that has killed up to 50,000 and displaced\more than a million people.
Thai PM declares one-month deadline for ending bird flu Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra declared a war on bird flu, saying the disease must be eliminated by the end of next month, the state-run Thai News Agency reported on Thursday.
INTRERVIEW-Thomson Corp. CEO says buying binge to cool Electronic publisher Thomson Corp. (TOC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) will wind down its recent \$1.5 billion buying spree because it needs to successfully integrate
McKeon to return for 2005 season Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins announced on Saturday they have re-signed manager Jack McKeon to a one-year contract through the 2005 season.
Blues are Robben first place from Arsenal Chelsea is the new Premier League leader in England. The Blues took a hard-fought 1-0 victory yesterday over Everton on Arjen Robben #39;s 72nd-minute goal.
Is portable video ready for prime-time viewing? A few years ago, when MP3 players were establishing themselves as the hot cool thing, the next step seemed clear: What if you could take along not only music but movies, television programs, home video and still pictures in a high-tech box svelte enough
US Supreme Court hears arguments on juvenile death penalty (AFP) AFP - The US Supreme Court heard arguments on the legality of the death penalty for criminals under age 18 in a case that has received international attention.
Hungary PM Says Troops Out of Iraq by End-March Hungary #39;s new Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany said the country #39;s 300 troops will be withdrawn from Iraq by the end of March 2005, a government spokeswoman said Wednesday.
Aid workers braced for more Darfur refugees UN refugee workers are readying themselves for an influx of refugees from Darfur as people in the western Sudan region take advantage of the end of the rainy season and a promised government clampdown on militia violence.
Pulitzer Inc. for sale? ST. LOUIS The newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. has said that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to improve shareholder value.
US women #39;s soccer through to semifinals Thessaloniki, Greece (Sports Network) - The United States women #39;s soccer team advanced to the final four of the Olympics with a narrow 2-1 victory over Japan Friday.
Oil Tip-Toes Higher, Watches Stocks, OPEC US oil prices edged higher for the second day in a row on Tuesday amid calls within OPEC to crack down on excess output at this week #39;s meeting.
American League Game Summary - Kansas City at Cleveland The preliminary diagnosis on Gerut is a right knee injury, pending an MRI...DeJesus also stole a base, his eighth of the season...The Royals won for only the second time in seven meetings at Jacobs Field this year.
Dollar Weighed Down by PPI, Trade Reports  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar eased against major  currencies on Friday, as analysts fretted over the U.S. trade  deficit number for July, which came in narrower than expected,  but was still the second-highest on record.
Ahold Sells Spanish Business to Permira for 685 Million Euros Royal Ahold NV, the food retailer that owns the US Giant chain, agreed to sell its Spanish business to Permira funds for 685 million euros (\$851 million).
US to Question China About Bush Comment WASHINGTON - The State Department will ask the Chinese government about comments by a former senior Chinese official who accused President Bush of trying to  quot;rule over the whole world.
INSURGENTS MASSACRE 49 ARMY RECRUITS The group linked to insurgent leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility for the massacre of 49 unarmed army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces.
XM Satellite Radio Signs Baseball Deal com. XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. on Wednesday said it has signed an 11-year, \$650 million deal to broadcast Major League Baseball games beginning with the 2005 season.
King, Knave, or Village Idiot? Troubled King Pharmaceuticals' latest accounting woes threaten to scuttle its merger with Mylan.
Marks and Spencer loses crown as Britain #39;s top clothing retailer LONDON : Marks and Spencer has been overtaken as Britain #39;s biggest clothing retailer by supermarket giant Asda, which is owned by the world #39;s largest retail store Wal-Mart, industry figures showed.
Adobe offers standard for raw photo formats com September 27, 2004, 8:25 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Learning From Arafat: Terrorism is Big Business For a variety of reasons, there is a lot of enthusiasm and optimism surrounding the death of Palestinian Authority (PA) leader, Yasser Arafat, and how his demise might advance an expeditious
Iranian Leader Says It Has Nuclear Rights (AP) AP - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami called on the international community Wednesday to recognize Iran's right to enrich uranium, again insisting Tehran will pursue a nuclear program that some  #151; including the United States  #151; suspect is aimed at developing weapons.
Golden rings cheaper but list dearer Want a gift to please your honey this holiday season and save some bucks, too? Consider five golden rings, the fifth gift in the classic holiday song  quot;The Twelve Days of Christmas.
De Bruijn, Hall retain 50m titles DEFENDING champion Inge de Bruijn of Holland won the women #39;s 50m swim final in 24.58 seconds last night. It was the 30-year-old #39;s first gold in Athens and the fourth of her career.
'Violence can't stop Afghan poll' The Afghan government says it is confident that presidential elections will go ahead despite threats of violence.
Steelers' Roethlisberger Misses Practice (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger didn't appear concerned about missing Sunday's game against the Jets despite sitting out Wednesday's practice with a sore quadriceps.
Sony and MP3, Together at Last The big news in digital audio recently was Sony #39;s NW-HD3, the company #39;s first hard-drive-based digital audio player to support the MP3 format right out of the box.
Closer Brad Lidge Delivers for Astros (AP) AP - No bullpen collapse by the Houston Astros this time. Brad Lidge was on the mound. The Astros closer allowed just one hit and struck out five in two innings Saturday, protecting Houston's lead and helping the Astros beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5-2 in Game 3 of the NL championship series.
Colgate Plans to Cut Work Force by 4,400 and Close Plants Pressured by global competition, Colgate-Palmolive announced today that it would cut jobs and close plants to increase profit margins.
Stock Futures Signal a Flat Open Today  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were little changed  on Friday, pointing to a flat market open, after third-quarter  gross domestic product data showed the U.S. economy grew at a  slower-than-expected pace.
Computer Associates Results Top View (Reuters) Reuters - Computer Associates International Ltd.\, the software maker under government watch after an\accounting scandal, on Wednesday posted better-than-expected\quarterly results and said full-year earnings will exceed Wall\Street estimates, helped by cost-cutting.
Immucor CEO subject of Italian criminal probe Norcross-based Immucor Inc. said Tuesday that its Italian subsidiary and its chief executive officer are the subject of a criminal investigation in Italy concerning alleged improper cash payments to a physician.
Israeli Missiles Kill 1 and Wound 5 (AP) AP - An Israeli missile strike killed one Palestinian and wounded five early Saturday, hours after militants killed an Israeli-American woman in the first deadly shelling of a Jewish settlement in Gaza in four years of fighting.
Briefly: Dell, Topspin tout InfiniBand clusters roundup Plus: Ex-HP exec joins StreamServe board...Credit union beefs up database security...Computer scientists slam e-voting machines.
French media: Israelis aided Ivory Coast military in attacks  quot;Israel mercenaries assisting the Ivory Coast army operated unmanned aircraft that aided aerial bombings of a French base in the country, quot; claimed
Cluster Workstations bring supercomputing to power users #39; desks Santa Clara, California start-up Orion Multisystems is trying to take the benefits of supercomputers and put them into a workstation for power users.
Motorola to Cut 1,000 Jobs, Take Charge Motorola Inc. will cut 1,000 jobs worldwide and take a charge of \$50 million for severance benefits, officials said Tuesday.
Survey: 1st gas price dip in 2 months Gas prices fell nearly 3 cents per gallon over the past two weeks, reversing a trend that saw the price rise about 18 cents since early September, a national survey said Sunday.
Jobless Claims Up on Impact of Charley WASHINGTON - The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits rose last week, reflecting the impact of hurricane Charley, which recently tore through Florida.    The Labor Department reported Thursday that new applications for unemployment insurance increased by a seasonally adjusted 10,000 to 343,000 for the week ending Aug...
Toyota takes Prius hybrid to China Toyota Motor Corp. will start building its Prius hybrid sedans in China next year with FAW Group in a step it hopes will promote the vehicles as the global standard for fuel-efficient cars.
Passenger Screenings to Be More Intrusive WASHINGTON - U.S. officials got a wake-up call last month about the need to screen airline passengers for explosives when two Chechen women apparently carried bombs onto two Russian planes and blew them up...
Yankees frustrate Red Sox, Pedro again Pedro Martinez came out to start the eighth inning against the Yankees and promptly coughed up a lead. His night was over after serving up five runs over 7 1/3 innings, and the Yankees wound up dealing the Red Sox a crushing blow.
UPDATE 1-US rate futures struggle despite low Aug inflation Short-term interest rate futures struggled on Thursday after a government report showing US core inflation for August below market expectations failed to alter views on Federal Reserve rate policy.
Chaplain meets with Hendrick employees CONCORD, NC A chaplain has met with employees of Hendrick Motorsports employees after the crash of a company plane killed ten people heading to the Subway 500 race in Martinsville.
24th annual Terry Fox Run attracts hundreds of thousands of Canadians (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - Hundreds of thousands of Canadians took to the streets Sunday to raise money for cancer research in what appeared to be a record-breaking year for The Terry Fox Run.
United #39;s Labor Deals May Be in Jeopardy United Airlines formally raised the possibility of throwing out union contracts on Friday, asking a bankruptcy judge for permission to discuss the matter at an upcoming court hearing.
IBM Settles Part of Giant Pension Lawsuit (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\ has settled for an undisclosed sum part of a\potentially multi-billion-dollar lawsuit over its pension plan,\a Wednesday court filing shows.
COLLEGE BASKETBALL: Reed #39;s 23 leads WMU to 5-2 CHARLESTON, SC -- Ben Reed scored 23 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as Western Michigan beat the College of Charleston, 69-56, on Sunday.
Red Hat goes to China LINUX OUFIT Red Hat has opened its new office in Beijing and is already claiming that it has the inside leg measurement of the government.
Is AIG #39;s Hank Greenberg next? NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The recent federal and state investigations aimed at global insurer American International Group are leading investors to wonder if Chairman Maurice  quot;Hank quot; Greenberg may soon retire due to so-called regulatory fatigue.
Russia about to face France Russia will meet defending champion France in the Fed Cup final after they both achieved 5-0 sweeps of Austria and Spain, respectively, in the semifinals on Thursday.
Obsession; and Fury Dennis Lillee is in little doubt. The India-Australia four-match Test series which begins at Bangalore tomorrow  quot;amounts to a world championship contest quot;.
Wal-Mart to open another 500 stores Wal-Mart has shrugged off growing opposition to its dominance of the US retail market by announcing plans for another 500 stores in 2005.
Global box office rise forecast Global cinema takings will rise steadily to \$22.8bn (12.6bn) by the end of 2004, a research body predicts.
At least 14 people killed, 200 injured in Bangladesh #39;s bomb blasts At least 14 people were killed and over 200 injured, as a series of bombs and grenades exploded through a rally here organized by the main opposition the Awami League Saturday
Rumours fuel fear of war in eastern Congo The threat of renewed war in the eastern part of Democratic Republic of Congo increased yesterday amid unconfirmed reports by diplomats and a claim by a Congolese minister that
Washington Mayor to Push Change in Baseball Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony  Williams will try to get financing for a Major League Baseball  stadium back on the city council agenda next week after the  council added a deal-breaking provision to the original bill,  the mayor's spokesman said on Thursday.
Cashman Admits Pulling for Sox The Boston Red Sox have an unlikely fan in this World Series: Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman.
Calif. Salutes Global Warming Fighters (AP) AP - California has become the first state to reward landowners for leaving forests standing to help control global warming, under a program adopted this week by the California Climate Action Registry.
IBM jumps into Liberty Alliance com October 21, 2004, 7:42 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Dungy:  #39;MNF #39; intro racially offensive If ABC hoped to generate a little bit more buzz for  quot;Monday Night Football quot; and  quot;Desperate Housewives, quot; its steamy intro to the Dallas-Philadelphia game sure did the trick.
OPEC Oil Output Rose 1.2 in August, Survey Shows (Update1) The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries boosted crude-oil production 1.2 percent in August, reaching a 25-year high for a second month in an attempt to pull prices back from records, a Bloomberg survey showed.
EU proposes end to biggest trade dispute with Washington The European Union #39;s top trade official says he #39;ll move to lift millions of dollars in punitive tariffs on US goods. EU trade commissioner Pascal Lamy says he #39;ll act because Congress
Report Predicts Near Doubling of IP PBX Sales Worldwide spending on enterprise IP PBXes should grow by 45 percent over the next year, according to an upbeat report released Monday by Boston-based Infonetics Research.
HIPAA security guidelines being readied A working group made up of members from three organizations plans this month to release guidelines for complying with the data security requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).
AROUND THE HORN: Marlins OK Lowell #39;s deal through 2007 Lowell, who could have opted out of his contract because the team hasn #39;t secured new stadium financing, agreed Friday to a revised deal in which the team guarantees the remaining \$25.
TB May Be Global Threat Again Two separate studies by U.S. researchers find that super drug-resistant strains of tuberculosis are at the tipping point of a global epidemic, and only small changes could help them spread quickly.
Despite his 5 INTs in last game against Patriots, Pennington says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The body of work is not substantial enough to consider Chad Pennington a victim of the Belichick factor. Fair or not, Pennington #39;s five-interception game against the Patriots last December at least makes him a candidate.
Rape Acquittal Criticized in Venezuela (AP) AP - Prosecutors, lawmakers and rights activists criticized Venezuela's judicial system for the acquittal of a man who had been accused of torturing and repeatedly raping a woman.
Wi-Fi Adapters Turn Inward Those wireless LAN cards that insert into a laptop, Tablet PC or PDA have just gone on the endangered species list, according to a new report published this week.
Norwegian pilots land plane after axe attack by passenger OSLO (AFP) - A seemingly unstable passenger attacked two pilots aboard a Norwegian passenger plane with an axe but the aircraft was later able to land, amid concerns over lax security on the country #39;s local flights and at regional airports.
Martha Stewart Should Fit Right In The now-notorious domestic diva will probably feel right at home this Christmas at Alderson Federal Prison Camp in West Virginia, what with the town's traditional inmate knitting bee.
Dozens arrested in Mafia swoop ITALIAN anti-Mafia magistrates ordered the arrest of 65 people as part of a massive police swoop in Naples early today in a bid to staunch the bloodletting in a turf war which has killed more than 120 people, Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisanu said.
(Hot) Dog of the Day A new distribution deal in Russia makes Ipix look better, unless you look closely.
Senior Sunni cleric assassinated in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City A senior Sunni cleric was kidnapped and killed in the Shiite slum of Sadr City in Baghdad, said a spokesman for the Committee of the Muslim Scholars on Monday.
Activists to promote Buddha's birthplace as 'world peace city' (AFP) AFP - Buddhists from around the world will gather in revolt-hit Nepal this month to consider ways to promote Buddha's birthplace, Lumbini in the country's southwest, as a  quot;world peace city. quot;
Update: CA cutting 5 of workforce Computer Associates International said today that it plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, or 5 of its workforce, in the hope of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs.
Weak employment report points to still-sluggish US economy (AFP) AFP - A weaker-than-anticipated report on the US labor market, showing just 112,000 jobs added in November, disappointed some but confirms a still-sluggish pace of US economic growth, analysts said.
Tapit Heads Field Maryland-based Tapit, the Wood Memorial winner in April, is the 2-1 morning line favorite for Monday's \$750,000 Pennsylvania Derby.
Iceland to home Bobby Fischer Iceland is ready to provide a residence permit to worlds chess ex-champion Bobby Fischer whos now serving his sentence in one of the Japanese jails.
HIH head admits guilt RAY Williams, the eccentric executive who built insurer HIH from nothing into a multi-billion dollar insurance giant he ran as his personal fiefdom, yesterday became the biggest scalp of the
TiVo #39;s Loss Widens, Subscribers Grow Digital video recorder maker TiVo Inc. on Thursday reported a wider quarterly net loss as it increased spending to accelerate subscriber growth.
Big week ahead for Bay Area in Legislature In an 11th-hour twist, the Bay Area is at the epicenter of political quakes that jolted lawmakers over the weekend and will rock the Legislature #39;s annual frenzied wrap-up this week.
10-Year Treasury Yield Flirts with 4 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury yields hovered near\five-month lows on Wednesday as weaker stocks and higher oil\prices helped drive 10-year yields down to 4 percent.
JB Oxford Sued by SEC for Improper Mutual Fund Trades (Update2) JB Oxford Holdings Inc., a Beverly Hills-based discount brokerage firm, was sued by the Securities and Exchange Commission for allegedly allowing thousands of improper trades in more than 600 mutual funds.
More Tramp Victims of Suspected Brazil Death Squad  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - One vagrant died and three  were badly beaten in overnight attacks in Brazil's biggest city  of Sao Paulo, raising the number of victims of a suspected  death squad to 14 in four days.
NASA Managers Available To Discuss Shuttle Return To Flight The top managers of NASA #39;s human and robotic programs are coming together to share their expertise as the agency prepares to return a safer Space Shuttle to flight.
Judge dropped the ball on this one The Braves #39; Rafael Furcal hit the game-winning homer Thursday night during Game 2 of the National League division series. Really, he could have been watching the game from a jail cell enjoying three squares a day.
Tobacco regulation backers fail to restore it to corporate tax &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; House and Senate negotiators defeated an effort Tuesday to have the Food and Drug Administration regulate tobacco products. The proposal was part of a corporate tax bill
Afghans Set for Historic Vote Under Militant Threat (Reuters) Reuters - Millions of Afghans prepared for a\historic poll on Saturday, which will give the mountainous\Islamic nation on the ancient Silk Road its first elected\president and perhaps end over a quarter century of war.
Expos Release Ticket Plan Washington #39;s Major League Baseball franchise today began to unveil its plans to sell season tickets, ending two weeks of delays and marking the first tangible way for fans to connect with
Racing: Norway #39;s Solberg takes overnight lead in Rally of Italy OLBIA, Italy : Norway #39;s reigning world champion Petter Solberg, driving a Subaru Impreza, took the overnight lead in the Rally of Italy, the 13th round of the 16-race world championship, here in Sardinia.
Pace of US job growth slows The nation's labor markets sputtered again last month as job growth, which surged in October, reverted to the lackluster pace that has marked the recovery for much of the year.
Buffett closing on Gates in rich list Forbes magazine has again ranked Bill Gates as the richest person in the US, worth to \$48 billion, but investor Warren Buffett has edged closer.
US warns rebels to curb attacks in Darfur The United States is increasingly worried about attacks by rebel groups in Darfur even as Sudan seems to be reining in militias on the other side of the conflict, a senior US official said on Friday.
Verizon Considering Move to Va. Verizon Communications Inc., which has been in discussions with New York and New Jersey over whether to keep its headquarters in Manhattan, has put out feelers to Virginia as well..&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
UK, Germany to Iran: Suspend nuclear program The foreign ministers of Britain and Germany on Tuesday urged Iran to indefinitely suspend its nuclear program and avoid a showdown next month with the UN nuclear agency.
ADV: Refinance Rates Just Got Lower \$150,000 mortgage for only \$550/month. Lower your mortgage - free quotes.
Montoya says goodbye with a win Juan Pablo Montoya wins his final race for Williams at the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Shell gains 968m from sale of gas stake The Dutch Government has for 1.93 billion bought total control of a pipeline being built to tackle the gas shortages which have sent UK energy prices soaring, after Shell and Esso.
Tampa #39;s Fish Gets First Shot At Spain The odds are long, but in a year that has seen the Lightning emerge from obscurity to drink from Lord Stanley #39;s Cup, who is to say the US team can #39;t
Sharon, with Party Backing, Invites Labour Into Govt Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday invited the opposition Labour Party to begin talks to form a unity government, a move that would avoid early elections and pave the way for a withdrawal from Gaza.
Bush Presents Awards for Arts, Humanities (AP) AP - Musicians, composers and authors were among the more than two dozen people Wednesday honored with National Medal of Arts and National Humanities awards at the White House.
Rams, Bucs Tied 7-7 After First Quarter (AP) AP - The St. Louis Rams and Tampa Bay Bucs both got off to a fast start Monday night, scoring on their first possessions and they were tied 7-7 after the first quarter.
Source: Movie Industry To Sue Computer Users LOS ANGELES -- A source said Hollywood studios are preparing to file copyright infringement lawsuits against people they say are illegally sharing movies online.
Tech 2005: What's New and  What's Next The products you use are about to get smarter, faster, smaller, cheaper, and more colorful. Here's your guide to what's ahead in PCs, software, mobile gadgets, home electronics, and more.
Bowa Out as Phillies Manager Larry Bowa was fired as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies on Saturday, a day before the end of yet another disappointing year.
A second test failed Miami #39;s Roscoe Parrish and Frank Gore tore up and down David A Harrison III Field at Scott Stadium on Saturday, leading the 18th-ranked Hurricanes to a 31-21 ACC victory over 10th-ranked Virginia.
Tobacco companies say government can #39;t sue under RICO WASHINGTON The tobacco industry urged a federal appeals court today to throw out a decision allowing the Justice Department to sue cigarette companies for 280 (b) billion dollars.
Father of Pakistan Al Qaeda Suspect Files Petition  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The father of a computer engineer  detained in Pakistan last month for suspected links with al  Qaeda filed a petition Tuesday calling for his son to be  produced in court and urging authorities not to extradite him.
UK train crash kills 6 At least six people have been killed and 40 injured in a train automobile collision west of London, the BBC reported late Saturday.
From blogs to cicadas: 2004 #39;s most looked-up words The editors of Merriam-Webster dictionaries said the most requested definition on the company #39;s Internet sites during 2004 was the four-letter word meaning a Web site that contains an
#39;Half measures #39; for pubgoers condemned, Asthma UK Asthma experts have condemned as a  #39;shabby half measure #39; the government #39;s decision not to implement a complete ban on smoking in public places.
Pittsburgh airport may allow nonticketed shoppers A plan that would have allowed people without tickets to shop in stores at Pittsburgh International Airport has been postponed for at least two months, airport officials said.
Three Beheaded Bodies Found in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 15, 2004 - Security forces discovered three beheaded bodies Wednesday on a road north of Baghdad, and a car bomb exploded in a town south of the capital, killing two people amid a surge
Colon, Angels rip A's The Angels considered themselves a playoff team all along, even while they spent the summer playing catch up. Now they're one win away.
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 1 (Sports Network) - The red-hot Boston Red Sox hope to continue rolling as they continue their three-game set with the Anaheim Angels this evening at Fenway Park.
Dollar Struggles, Hits Record Low Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar struggled to keep above a\record low against the euro and its lowest in nearly five years\against the yen on Friday in a holiday-thinned market.
Global DSL subscriber base crosses 78m  report With 30m subscribers added in the 12 months leading up June 30, 2004, the number of global users of the DSL broadband technology reached 78m, according to the latest data produced for the DSL Forum, the international DSL trade association, by industry
LE GUEN AIMING FOR DRAW Lyon coach Paul le Guen has admitted his side would be happy with a draw at Old Trafford on Tuesday night. The three-times French champions have assured themselves of qualification for the Champions League
Adoption Awareness Month Begins The event educated families on the adoption process. More than 100- thousand children in the US are waiting to be adopted. Kathy Searle/ Utah Director of Adoption Exchange:  quot;We want to give hope to children
Seau may be done for season Davie, FL (Sports Network) - The Miami Dolphins may be without linebacker Junior Seau for the remainder of the season, depending on the severity of his pectoral injury.
Australian opposition leader hospitalised with pancreatitis CANBERRA : Australian opposition leader Mark Latham is in hospital with an inflamed pancreas, his office said.
No Clear Winner 'Til Election Day, if Then (AP) AP - It's a voluntary army vs. a professional force. Button-down Republicans vs. street-wise Democrats. It's the ground war of American politics, with allies of President Bush and Sen. John Kerry spending fortunes to find their supporters and  #151; here's the hard, final part  #151; get them to vote.
NASA: Fixing Shuttle Fleet Could Top  #36;2B (AP) AP - NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe said Wednesday the cost of fixing all the problems with the space shuttle fleet could top  #36;2.2 billion  #151; double the estimated price tag given to Congress a year ago.
French minister appeals for release of hostages The French Foreign Minister has called for the release of two French journalists being held hostage by Islamist kidnappers in Iraq.
Rival Targets Apple's ITunes Customers (AP) AP - For more than a year, Apple Computers Inc. enjoyed singular success selling songs exclusively to users of its iPod portable music player. Now, it's got rival RealNetworks Inc. trying to lure iTunes customers away.
Tsunami Victims Prey to Crime from Asia to Europe  By Patrick Lannin and Stephen Brown  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Thieves, rapists, kidnappers and hoaxers  are preying on tsunami survivors and families of victims in  Asian refugee camps and hospitals and in the home countries of  European tourists hit by the wave.
Six Are Charged in Finnish Telecom Probe (AP) AP - The former chief executive of Sonera and five other people were charged Monday with gross violation of Finland's communications secrecy laws, following an investigation into the telecommunications company.
Anwar given chance to clear name Malaysia #39;s highest court has cleared the way for an appeal that could erase newly freed former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim #39;s criminal record and allow him back into politics.
Thirty-Three Chinese Miners Dead in Blaze (AP) AP - A fire at a complex of iron mines in northern China killed at least 33 miners and trapped another 28, state media reported Monday.
Baseball Beat: Red Sox just played much better Bee Staff Writer. hanks to all the emotion expended and frustration released by Boston finally shedding  quot;The Curse of the Bambino quot; and winning a World Series, the dubious quality in baseball #39;s
Microsoft starts EU legal defence Microsoft begins a legal bid to have a European Commission anti-monopoly ruling temporarily suspended.
BUDDY BATTLE TOPS HEAVYWEIGHT CARD It #39;s moments like this when boxing fans must know that the folks at HBO and the Garden don #39;t take you seriously. Seriously now.
Why so many hurricanes? This summer #39;s onslaught repeats a long-term cycle, bringing back warmer waters and more storms. By Peter N. Spotts  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
FTC Filing Targets Malicious Spyware FTC Filing Targets Malicious Spyware\\Spyware has come under target of the Federal Trade Commission with a new complaint filed in federal court which is requesting that two Internet based advertising and software firms be closed. The FTC filing was made last week with a press conference to be scheduled for ...
McGahee Still Waiting His Turn With Bills (AP) AP - Running back Willis McGahee is biding his time, if not biting his tongue, regarding his limited role in the Buffalo offense. The 2003 first-round pick is not entirely content, but maintains he's not frustrated spending most of Buffalo's first three games  #151; all losses  #151; watching from the sideline as a backup to Travis Henry.
Oil Scales New Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices scaled a new high above  \$55 a barrel on Monday as a threat by Norwegian oil employers  to halt production from the world's third biggest exporter  stoked fears of a winter supply crunch.
Iowa State ready to face foes from North Division After getting knocked around by a pair of South Division teams in its first two Big 12 football games, Iowa State welcomes a little Northern exposure this week.
Japan vs. Russia on Kuril islands Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announced on Tuesday that Tokyo would not support the idea to solve the problem of southern Kuril Islands and peace treaty with Moscow by getting just two islands, Shikotan and Habomai.
Iraqis may extend election amid violence Iraq may modify plans for its first free election to give people more time to vote next month, officials said on Wednesday as suicide bombers and gunmen again struck Sunni Muslim towns north and west of the capital.
Nicaragua, Taiwan open trade talks (AFP) AFP - Nicaragua and Taiwan opened talks aimed at drafting a free-trade deal by the end of 2005, officials said.
Chiefs Defeat Titans 49-38 Tennessee Titans cornerback Michael Waddell (36) intercepts a pass intended for Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver Eddie Kennison (87) in the second quarter Monday, Dec. 13, 2004 in Nashville, Tenn.
Stoudemire Soars The Suns move their league-leading record to 26-4 behind 50 points from Amare Stoudemire to blow by the Portland Trailblazers on Sunday night, 117-98.
Idle Badgers move up in polls Madison, WI (U-WIRE) -- Despite not playing this weekend, the Wisconsin football team (5-0 Big Ten, 8-0 overall) moved up in both the Associated Press Poll and the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll.
The Picture of Devotion Engineer John Charlton takes an Apple Newton everywhere on his travels. He convinces himself it's a useful device, but in his heart he knows the truth: He simply wants to photograph it in front of landmarks. By Leander Kahney.
USA: Kraft recalls Lunchables due to mislabelling US food giant Kraft Foods is voluntarily recalling approximately 15,810 packages of Lunchables turkey, ham and cheddar cheese ready-to-eat complete meals due to mislabelling, the US Department of Agriculture #39;s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) has
Away on Business: Friends Behind Bars  NEW YORK (Reuters) - By profession, they are Hong Kong  lawyers, military analysts, U.N. diplomats and surgeons, but in  the mental dossiers of good bartenders these out-of-town  customers are also parents, golfers, cancer patients and  broken-hearted lovers.
Eggs  #39;repaired #39; with DNA A fertility technique that repairs a woman #39;s faulty eggs using DNA transferred from elsewhere in her body has led to the births of 20 children, scientists have revealed.
Walking a Bit More May Help Keep Weight Off By JOSEPH B. VERRENGIA    DENVER (AP) -- A year ago, Dr...
IBM-Lenovo Deal Shows China #39;s Growing Might For China, the country #39;s biggest computer supplier buying out a unit of IBM is more than just a business deal. Lenovo Group #39;s decision to purchase IBM #39;s PC group for \$1.75 billion could be
Annan urges big increase in troops for Darfur The UN secretary general, Kofi Annan, called for a substantial and speedy expansion of the international forces in Darfur after reporting that the Sudanese government had failed to stop attacks on civilians.
Angry Halilhodzic hits out at PSG players PARIS, Sep 15 (SW) - Paris Saint-Germain manager Vahid Halilhodzic angrily hit out at his players, following his sides severe 0-3 defeat against Chelsea on Tuesday night in the opening game of their Champions League campaign.
Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a  party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved  1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the West Bank in a move  that drew a cautious response on Tuesday from Washington.
Yahoo Adds Tool to Search Hard Drives SAN FRANCISCO - Yahoo Inc. is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with Google Inc. and stay a step ahead of Microsoft Corp.
Tata Motors #39; Kadle Says NYSE Listing Will Help Raise Capital Tata Motors Ltd. #39;s new listing on the New York Stock Exchange will help India #39;s biggest maker of trucks and buses add investors, raise capital for acquisitions and improve its corporate
Photo: Hewlett-Packard's Integrity rx4640 server Hewlett-Packard's Integrity rx4640 server is available with Intel's new Itanium 2 processor, which has 9MB of high-speed cache memory.
US economy increases 3.7 percent in third quarter The US economy increased at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the third quarter of this year, the Commerce Department said in a report released on Friday.
Official: WTO Members Should Reach Accord World Trade Organization members should be able to reach a binding accord to liberalize global commerce in 2006, the European Union #39;s new agriculture chief said Thursday.
American men run away from field in 400 meters To the list of things intrinsically American -o jazz and baseball, apple pie and muscle cars  -dly add the quarter mile. The 400 meters is run internationally, but
Beckham to resume light training soon, say Real England captain David Beckham is expected back in Madrid on Wednesday and will be able to resume light training despite cracking a rib, the Real Madrid website said on Sunday.
One flight down, one to go In a blistering, heart-pounding flight that briefly appeared to be in jeopardy, a privately built spacecraft safely returned to Earth after soaring to the edge of space over the Mojave desert in California yesterday.
Recovery operations resume at China landslide, at least 23 dead (AFP) AFP - Recovery operations at a landslide in southwest China which left at least 23 dead and scores missing have resumed as nearby coal mines were shut for investigations into their possible role in the disaster.
IBM releases new Linux-oriented database software San Francisco, September 9: International Business Machines Corp late on Wednesday rolled out a new version of its database software aimed at users of Linux and Unix operating systems that it hopes will help the company take away market share from market
A Small Cap for Any Market The market may be stuck in neutral, but your portfolio doesn't have to be.
Voters Begin Casting Early Ballots in Florida With memories of 2000 and its bitter fight over ballots still fresh, citizens began casting votes in the pivotal swing state.
Wilkens #39; defense on trial Neither did 95 percent of the other coaches. But in the case of Lenny Wilkens, this particular flaw became part of his legacy, along with the NBA title, the record numbers of wins and losses and the trademark crossed arms and cold stare.
Sven #39;s three-striker plan Sven-Goran Eriksson is considering playing Michael Owen, Wayne Rooney AND Jermain Defoe as part of a three-pronged attack for Saturday #39;s vital World Cup qualifer against Wales.
Hear William Shatner #39;s sensational version of Pulp #39;s  #39;Common &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The CD will remain the most popular music format till the end of the decade, according to a new survey. The report also states that Europe will buy over 570m worth of digital downloads in 2009, but technology
Wannstedt won #39;t pursue U. of Pittsburgh job Ex-Dolphins coach Dave Wannstedt is an ardent supporter of the University of Pittsburgh, but he decided Thursday against pursing the Panthers #39; vacant head coaching position.
Next Space Station Crew Ready for Flight Two veteran astronauts are enjoying their last week on Earth before rocketing into space for a six-month stay aboard the International Space Station (ISS).
MGM Agrees to Be Bought for \$12/Share  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Film and television studio  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MGM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it agreed in  principle to be acquired by a consortium led by Sony Corp. of  America for \$12 a share in cash, plus assumed debt.
Commentary: Hurricanes, Clinton and the campaign HEMPSTEAD, NY (CBS.MW) -- With Election Day now less than two months away, the campaign for the presidency has been rocked by several unexpected developments.
Deutsche Bank, Thomas Weisel settle research charges SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Deutsche Bank (DB) and Thomas Weisel Partners settled a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into alleged conflicts of interest over the firms #39; research and investment banking activities.
Pakistan Says Militants on the Run, Despite Blast (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani forces are driving al\Qaeda-linked militants out of mountains near the Afghan border\but attacks such as a bomb that wounded soldiers on Saturday\could not be ruled out, a commander said.
Stocks End Flat; Internet Shares Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended little changed  on  Tuesday as Internet companies like eBay Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt; supported  technology shares, while higher oil prices and worry about fuel  costs kept a lid on overall sentiment.
Floods kill more than 600 people in Haiti, hundreds left homeless Rescuers dug through mud and ruined homes for bodies Tuesday, expecting the death toll of more than 600 from tropical storm Jeanne to rise even further as flood waters receded in this crowded northern city after devastating winds
Toshiba, M'shita LCD Venture to Make Big TV Panels (Reuters) Reuters - An LCD joint venture between Toshiba\Corp. and Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. said on Wednesday\it would start making large TV displays early next year,\entering a rapidly expanding but crowded market.
Improved Heat Not Content With Start (AP) AP - The Miami Heat are atop their division, own the best in-conference record among teams in the East and have won twice as many games as they've lost.
Purdue Wants to Win for Keady This Season (AP) AP - In Gene Keady's 24 years on the Purdue sideline, few have been more trying than last season. His Boilermakers were flying high after winning the Great Alaska Shootout, but it was mostly downhill from there. Losses, injuries and academic ineligibility plagued the team, as it limped to a 17-14 finish and missed the NCAA tournament for the third time in four years.
EDS offers early retirement Electronic Data Systems offered voluntary early retirement to about 9,200 US employees who are at least 50 years old, the world #39;s second-largest technology services provider said Tuesday.
Swift Spacecraft Scans Big Bang Births named Swift for its fast pivoting and pointing -- launched this weekend will detect and analyze gamma ray bursts, which astronomers believe represent the birth cries of black holes.
Astros Top Rockies to Claim NL Wild Card (AP) AP - The Houston Astros charged into the playoffs with their 18th consecutive home victory, capping an incredible turnaround by beating Colorado 5-3 Sunday to win the NL wild card.
Matsui breaks out of slump as Yankees thrash Rays NEW YORK - Hideki Matsui produced three hits with two RBIs Tuesday and snapped an 0-for-16 slump, helping the Yankees crush the Devil Rays 11-2.
Rocket failure refuels dream of \$10 million Other people might have been discouraged, but Eric Meier and Phillip Storm have been upbeat since their 23-foot-long Rubicon 1 rocket blew up last month in a test flight near Queets, Wash.
NL Wrap: Jones Leads Braves Closer to Division Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chipper Jones hit a three-run homer  and J.D. Drew also went deep as the Atlanta Braves continued to  close in on another division title with an 8-1 win over the  Florida Marlins in Miami Friday.
Captain Langer to Play in World Match Play  LONDON (Reuters) - Victorious European Ryder Cup captain  Bernhard Langer has accepted an invitation to play in next  month's World Match Play championship at Wentworth for the  biggest prize in golf.
UPDATE1 -RadioShack, Wal-Mart unit form wireless venture RadioShack Corp. (RSH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , looking to expand its sales pool, on Monday said it would take over the operation of cell phone kiosks at 542 Sam #39;s Club stores
Review: Hi-Def TV May Be PCs' Killer App (AP) AP - It's been possible for years to watch television on a personal computer, but not many people do. The reasons are simple: mediocre picture and sound quality and the ergonomics of it all. TVs don't need to boot up.
Microsoft #39;s government head to jump ship The executive who leads Microsoft #39;s government sales effort is leaving to become CEO of a telecommunications company, the software maker said on Tuesday.
California Governor Vetoes Privacy Bills  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Gov. Arnold  Schwarzenegger on Wednesday vetoed three bills aimed at   boosting e-mail privacy at work as well as safeguard private  medical and financial data.
Mozambique voters head for polls The people of Mozambique, one of the world's poorest countries, are voting in presidential and parliamentary elections.
Historic Hypersonic Flight for NASA  #39;Scramjet #39; Made in Tennessee An unmanned NASA jet that set a speed record of almost 7,000 miles per hour was built by a Tennessee company. The 12-foot-long X-43-A supersonic combustion ramjet, or Scramjet, flew on its
Super birthday celebration for Toseland Englishman James Toseland leads the field on his way to sealing victory in the world superbike championship at Magny-Cours. Photo: AFP.
Microsoft Opens Office to Governments (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is opening the door to its Office suite, offering governments a closer look inside key applications.
Case study: Data crunch in Florida ballots Use of databases to purge voter rolls led to complaints of people being wrongly excluded.
Agreement among Ukraine's political foes hits snag over presidential powers (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - A tentative deal to ease Ukraine's political crisis foundered Tuesday over the opposition's refusal to endorse constitutional changes and outgoing President Leonid Kuchma's rejection of the call to fire his prime minister.
Australian Stocks Advance, Paced by Woodside Petroleum, BHP Australian stocks rose for the first day in three, paced by oil producers such as Woodside Petroleum Ltd. after crude oil climbed to a record amid concern that hurricane damage in North America will disrupt supply.
Cisco warns of IOS flaw Cisco Systems Inc. warned of another security vulnerability to its products last week, one that could allow an attacker to disable remote administration access to a Cisco device running IOS.
No agreement reached on Sudan security The Sudanese government and rebels in Darfur have failed to agree on a security protocol that would restart talks to end the conflict in the region.
Fidelity closing fund to new investors Fidelity Investments will close its fast-growing \$17.8 billion Diversified International fund to new purchasers at the close of business Oct. 25.
Internet Use Said to Cut Into TV Viewing and Socializing The average Internet user in the U.S. spends three hours a day online, with much of that time devoted to work and more than half of it to communications.
Yudhoyono makes the cut in Sulawesi Some 300 people have shaved their heads in Indonesia #39;s Central Sulawesi province to celebrate the victory of former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono in this week #39;s presidential election.
Cardinals Win, Smith Earns Another Record (AP) AP - Emmitt Smith ran his way to another NFL record and Neil Rackers booted himself into a share of one.
Jeanne Batters Bahamas, Heads Toward Fla. WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne got stronger, bigger and faster as it battered the Bahamas and bore down on Florida Saturday, sending huge waves crashing onto beaches and forcing thousands into shelters just weeks after Frances ravaged this area...
Virgin Group Aims at iPod Mini The MP3 player market, where the iPod Mini once stood alone, will soon have several new entries. IDC predicted last month that the segment will grow from 12.
ISS crew to redock Soyuz MOSCOW: The US-Russian crew manning the International Space Station will redock a spaceship later this month in preparation for spacewalks planned for next year, Russian Mission Control said.
Seoul dismisses North #39;s nuke claims as propaganda SEOUL (AFP) - South Korean officials on Tuesday dismissed as propaganda a top North Korean official #39;s claims that Pyongyang had made nuclear weapons from spent plutonium fuel rods, news reports said.
Bombing claims 4 at Pak mosque LAHORE, Oct. 10 - A bombing at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore on Sunday killed at least four people and injured four, officials said.
The Aftermath Of Charley: The Most Expensive States To Insure Your &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There are always trade-offs to every place people choose to live. If you live in New York, it #39;s too expensive. If you live in Montana, it #39;s too remote.
Perez wins Vuelta stage Santiago Perez won his second consecutive stage in the Spanish Vuelta cycling tour Sunday, taking the mountain time trial. Spanish compatriot Roberto Heras #39; overall
Wounded Rice leaves field empty OAKLAND -- -- Having lost a measure of his hard-earned identity, Jerry Rice resorted to one of the oldest tricks in the book of vanity.
UK shoppers hit the streets in November British retail sales rose much more than expected in November, driven by strength across nearly all categories running into the key Christmas holiday shopping season.
Allchin on Longhorn: We #39;ve Had to Make Some Hard Trade-offs Jim Allchin, Microsoft group vice president for platforms, discussed Microsoft #39;s recent decisions on Windows  quot;Longhorn quot; development in a recorded message for Microsoft #39;s Channel 9 that was
Indian software exports booming, industry head says Revenues should grow by 30, according to the president of the country's association of software and service firms
Hall may not have kicks coming Washington Redskins kicker John Hall strained his right groin during practice yesterday, jeopardizing his availability for Sunday #39;s game at Chicago.
Governor Pledges to Ban Violent Video Games for Minors Governor Rod Blagojevich wants Illinois to be the first state to make it illegal to sell violent video games to minors. Currently the law does not prohibit selling or renting violent and sexually explicit games to children younger than 18.
NEC announces speedy supercomputer Less than a month after IBM Corp. claimed the world's fastest computer crown from NEC Corp., the Japanese company is trying to win it back with a new supercomputer that will be available from December, it said Wednesday.
Burp vaccine cuts greenhouse gas emissions You cannot stop a sheep belching or farting, but you can make sure its eructations are less damaging to the environment. Belches and, to a far lesser degree, farts from sheep, cows and other farm animals account for around 20 of global methane emissions.
Adult Entertainment Site Sues Google Perfect 10 is suing Google for unspecified damages, alleging copyright infringement. Google provides unauthorized access to thousands of its copyrighted pictures, Perfect 10 says.
Mets Put Another Dent in Cubs' Hopes (AP) AP - Al Leiter pitched two-hit ball for six innings to earn his first win in six weeks, and the New York Mets put another dent in Chicago's playoff hopes Sunday with a 3-2 victory over the Cubs.
OSRM Tracing Linux Patents in EU In an effort to stem the spread of software patents in Europe, the Open Source Risk Management (OSRM) group has begun documenting the sources of innovation claimed by such patents.
Labour #39;s anti-terror pledge Home Secretary David Blunkett has signalled that a third term Labour government would impose sweeping new anti-terror laws amid fears of an al Qaida attack on Britain.
Chicago Bulls Team Report - December 16 In 2003-04, the Bucks won three of their four contests with the Bulls. Overall, the home team has won 13 of the last 14 meetings. Milwaukee has won four of six and six of the last nine contests in this series.
SMIC to challenge latest TSMC infringement claims Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC) said Wednesday it will defend itself against the latest allegations of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation
Probe Urged Of Allegations Against FDA The chairman of the Senate Finance Committee yesterday called on the inspector general of the Department of Health and Human Services to investigate alleged attempts to discredit a Food and Drug Administration whistle-blower.
Two hurt in Kenya airport blast Two customs workers have been lightly injured in a blast at one of the airports in the Kenyan capital Nairobi. A fire triggered by the explosion in a warehouse is said to have damaged the roof of an adjacent departure lounge.
Arms hold key as Ulster deal deadline is put back Sinn Fin #39;s president, Gerry Adams, last night placed responsibility for clinching an agreement to restore the power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland firmly in the hands of the British and Irish government - despite the enduring barrier of mistrust
Schilling cancels scheduled appearance wih Bush _ Newly minted World Series hero Curt Schilling canceled a scheduled campaign appearance with President Bush on Friday, saying his doctors advised him not to travel because of his injured ankle.
SEC Backs Stock Market Rules The Securities and Exchange Commission unanimously proposed  rules yesterday that would require a majority of board members at the nation's stock exchanges to be independent from management, and compel exchanges to disclose how much they pay their  five top executives.
Asia Faces Living Nightmare from Climate Change (Reuters) Reuters - The weather predictions for Asia in\2050 read like a script from a doomsday movie.
Wyeth Keeps Producing The drug maker's difficulties are evident, but its productivity may make it worth a second look.
Man City Would Consider Anelka Bid Manchester City chairman John Wardle says he would consider a bid for want-away striker Nicolas Anelka.  quot;If a bid comes in for Nicolas then, after speaking to the board, I will speak to Kevin Keegan, quot; said Wardle.
Oil Prices Fall as Concerns About Supply Begin to Ease Oil prices fell to a four-week low yesterday, briefly dropping below \$50 a barrel, as traders grew less concerned about possible threats to supplies.
Dell answers the question I don #39;t know how many times I #39;ve heard the question asked of Dell Computer and, similarly, I don #39;t know how many times I #39;ve heard the same answer.
Atlanta Track to Honor Hendrick The Atlanta Motor Speedway will pay tribute this weekend to the victims of a plane crash that killed members of a prominent racing family.
Microsoft #39;s SP2: A fix that derails some computers There #39;s only one problem with Microsoft #39;s Service Pack 2, a key upgrade to the popular Windows XP operating system: It turns some computers into large, expensive doorstops.
PeopleSoft rejects takeover bid again WALNUT CREEK, Calif. - PeopleSoft Inc. rebuffed Oracle Corp. #39;s latest hostile takeover bid, vowing to fight the \$9.2 billion offer even if a majority of shareholders supported it.
FedEx CEO to lead industry security task force FedEx CEO Frederick W. Smith was named today by the Business Roundtable to chair the group's security task force.
Rents rising in many Western markets Apartment rents through most of the Western US are rising, a sign that landlords are regaining some of the leverage lost in a sluggish economy and a hot home-buying market
A's Have Winter to Ponder Late Stumble (AP) AP - The Oakland Athletics are baffled by their late-season collapse. It's so completely out of character. The A's are headed home for an even longer winter this year thanks to their problematic pitching in crunch time and a sputtering offense that caused this club to miss the playoffs for the first time in five years.
American Express sues MasterCard, Visa, 8 banks American Express Co. has filed suit against Visa, MasterCard and eight major banks alleging anti-competitive practices. Banks named in the suit include Bank of America, US Bancorp, JP Morgan Chase, Capital
Microsoft To Deliver New Windows System  #39;Longhorn #39; in 2006 Microsoft #39;s announcements about Longhorn marked the first concrete launch dates for Longhorn that Microsoft has provided. Industry observers have been estimating a release at the end of 2005 or beginning of 2006.
Russian gas giant plans Yukos bid Gazprom, Russia's gas monopoly, says it will bid in the \$8.65bn government sale of the main production arm of embattled oil firm Yukos.
Nottingham to hold Danielle vigil A vigil in Nottingham for murdered teenager Danielle Beccan will call for an end to the city's gun culture.
McGrady saves Houston Houston guard Tracy McGrady has scored 13 points in the final 35 second of the match against San Antonio, to hand his side an 81-80 victory.
Steelmakers, Retails Buoy Stocks US stocks eked out small gains on Friday, buoyed by steel producers amid concerns about a shortage of the metal, and retailers, as consumers shopped hard on so-called  quot;Black Friday quot; -- considered the start of the traditional holiday
Science sidelined ONCE AGAIN a Bush administration scientific report blames emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases for global warming, and once again the reaction of the Bush White House is to say the evidence does not warrant action.
UPDATE 2-Coolbrands shares melt as guidance disappoints Coolbrands International Inc. (COBa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday its results for fiscal 2004 would be higher than the previous year, but the guidance missed expectations
US Economy: July New Home Sales Fall, Durable Goods Rise US new home sales in July fell 6.4 percent to a 1.134 million annual rate, the year #39;s slowest pace and a sign housing may provide less fuel for the economy in coming months.
Typhoon kills 3 in Taiwan Typhoon Nock-Ten killed three people and injured several others in Taiwan, according to a Hong Kong radio station on Monday. The dead include a male TV reporter and a fireman and another person still remained missing.
Lindows delays planned offering SAN DIEGO -- Software vendor Lindows Inc. formally postponed its initial public offering yesterday, citing adverse market conditions.
Stocks Dip as Focus Goes to Rates, Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks edged slightly lower on Monday  as interest rates and a weakening dollar took center stage now  that the presidential election is over and investors took  profits after last week's rally.
Wall Street Seen Climbing  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to rise on  Tuesday as easing crude oil prices soothed fears of a squeeze  on earnings and on a thin corporate menu investors will be able  to chew over results from food group H.J. Heinz Co &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HNZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HNZ.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Hopes for Eid Solution to Afghan Hostage Crisis  KABUL (Reuters) - Three U.N. workers held by militants in  Afghanistan were in their third week of captivity on Friday  after calls from both sides for the crisis to be resolved ahead  of this weekend's Muslim festival of Eid al-Fitr.
Bomb Kills Venezuela Prosecutor, Gov't Swipes at U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - A Venezuelan prosecutor\probing a 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez was killed by\a car bomb that the government blamed on Friday on radical\opponents it said were training in the United States.
Jagr says he wants to give Russia a shot PRAGUE, Czech Republic -- Jaromir Jagr is reportedly leaving the Czech league to play in Russia during the NHL lockout. The New York Rangers #39; forward signed with Omsk Avangard of the Russian league early Sunday
#39;Grand Theft Auto #39; back with a vengeance As the last rays of sunlight fade on the ghetto alleyways, ratty looking palm trees take on the form of sick old men and there #39;s menace in the air.
Australia beat India Bangalore, India - Australia launched its test series campaign in India with a thumping 217-run victory in the opening match on Sunday.
FDA OKs Some Heart Failure Therapies Cardiovascular device maker Guidant Corp. (GDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday US regulators cleared the use of its implantable heart failure therapies for a wider group of patients.
India's Congress Wins Polls in Key Industrial State (Reuters) Reuters - India's ruling Congress party won power\in a giant state on Saturday, a victory that would boost the\fortunes of Italian-born Sonia Gandhi's party and strengthen\Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's minority national coalition.
More Leeds United Stories Sebastien Sainsbury is back in the running to take over Leeds just over a fortnight after being told by chairman Gerald Krasner his bid was dead in the water.
Big ISPs File Second Round of CAN-SPAM Suits Top Internet service providers began a second coordinated legal blitz against spammers yesterday, filing seven lawsuits under the CAN-SPAM Act.
Nikkei sharply up on strong tankan TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese stock indexes rose by midmorning Friday after the central bank #39;s closely watched tankan business sentiment survey showed a better-than-expected confidence among large manufacturers.
Hijackers seize Athens bus Two armed hijackers are holding 26 people hostage on board a Greek bus after seizing it near the capital Athens. Police are surrounding the bus stopped between Marathon and the capital.
FA Cup semifinals to be played in Cardiff London - This season #39;s FA Cup semifinals will be held at Cardiff #39;s Millennium Stadium, the Football Association said on Wednesday.
Seven Asian Mobile Phone Companies Link Seven mobile phone companies with a subscriber base of 56 million across Asia announced on Wednesday a joint venture that will develop technology to build a common service platform across the region.
Afghan women offer to take place of UN hostages A group of 20 Afghan women offered on Thursday to take the place of three foreign UN workers held hostage for the past two weeks by a Taliban splinter group.
Six Tips for a Clean Credit Record Don't bother with the small stuff. Here's what really matters to your lender.
Google preps desktop search application Google Inc. made a much anticipated move toward what many consider the newest frontier in the digital information search sector by announcing Thursday it is offering a test version of an application designed to let users search for information stored on their desktop computers.
Israeli troops kill armed Palestinian infiltrator : Israeli troops killed an armed Palestinian man early today as he tried to sneak into Southern Israel, the army said. Military sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said troops
Merck moves to retain key staff Merck  amp; Co. has adopted a severance plan that offers some executives one-time payments of up to triple their salary plus other perks if the troubled pharmaceutical giant is acquired and they lose their jobs.
Barclays targets South Africa bank By Julia Kollewe in London and Renee Bonorchis in Johannesburg. Barclays, the bank that pulled out of South Africa in 1986 after protests during the apartheid era, said yesterday it was in talks to buy a majority
Coulthard fits the bill at Red Bull David Coulthard #39;s season-long search for a Formula One drive next year is almost over. Negotiations between Red Bull Racing and Coulthard, who tested for the Austrian team for the first time
France chooses Forgeard for joint control of EADS PARIS (AFP) - French interests named the head of Airbus, Noel Foregeard, to be one of two new pilots running the EADS aeuronautics group after weeks of reported tension over his role.
Hanging Up The Helmet: NASCAR Legend To Retire It only seemed fitting that Rusty Wallace would announce his coming retirement at Daytona Speedway. After all, that #39;s where Wallace #39;s friend and competitor Dale Earnhardt lost his life in a 2001 accident.
Nose-Driven  #39;Nouse #39; Helps Disabled Surf Web called a  quot;nouse quot; -- works by using tracking software linked to a webcam that identifies a group of 25 pixels which are the tip of the nose.
Film studios snub Sony DVD format Three Hollywood studios choose to use next-generation DVD technology backed by Toshiba, snubbing a rival product promoted by Sony.
ING to Withdraw \$5 Bln from Janus Funds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ING U.S. Financial Services said it  will withdraw about \$5 billion from Janus Capital Group Inc.  funds by year-end.
Aragones scolded for outburst against English Spain coach Luis Aragones was criticized Wednesday by the country #39;s leading sports daily for his outburst against the English on the eve of his team #39;s soccer friendly with England.
Stocks Move Up Despite Election Jitters Despite its nervousness over the presidential election, Wall Street extended its rally Tuesday, pushing stocks higher as investors welcomed a drop in oil prices past the \$50 per barrel level.
Enter your e-mail: PC World #39;s counterpart in Germany, PC Welt, published a short story today detailing how Windows XP computers running Service Pack 2 may be inadvertently sharing files on their hard drive with more people than they might like.
Rule number one: Be sure to save enough I feel that I #39;ve lost track of my 401(k) savings. I am 43 years old, earn \$115,000 annually, and usually receive a pay increase of about 4 percent annually
Video game fans eagerly await Halo 2 #39;s release The video game Halo 2 is expected to gross \$75 million US in sales over the next 24 hours, with a  quot;midnight madness quot; release similar to the opening of a blockbuster film.
Top US judge treated for cancer Supreme Court Chief Justice Rehnquist is in hospital after undergoing throat surgery for thyroid cancer.
Scottsdale e-learning company acquired One of the Valley #39;s top venture-capital-backed companies said Friday that it is being acquired by database publishing giant Thomson Corp.
Priest on trial over killing of 2000 Rwandans A PRIEST accused of bulldozing more than 2000 Tutsi villagers to death as they sought sanctuary in his church during Rwanda #39;s 1994 genocide has gone on trial before a United Nations court charged with crimes against humanity.
Uefa Cup Thursday Preview There is everything to play for in Group B, with Steaua Bucharest the only team having qualified. Tonight, Parma (already out) host Besiktas (four points), while Standard Liege (four) entertain Athletic Bilbao (6).
Left to ponder the loss amid the condos MONTREAL - Where the Field of Dreams was supposed to be built in Montreal, there now stand dreary, functional modern condominiums.
PeopleSoft Denies Execs Visited Oracle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  denied an analyst report that its executives recently met with  Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;, the rival software vendor that last year  launched a hostile bid for PeopleSoft.
28 Identity Theft Suspects Arrested in Transatlantic Sting Law enforcement authorities on both sides of the Atlantic have arrested 28 people on suspicion of operating Web sites that were allegedly designed to steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents.
Rams Win 23-12, Top NFC West With Seattle (AP) AP - Marc Bulger got off to a red-hot start and a beleaguered defense held Seattle to three field goals in five trips inside the 20 in a 23-12 victory that earned the St. Louis Rams a first-place tie with the Seahawks in the NFC West on Sunday.
Iran Refuses to Give Up Nuclear Research-Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran intends to use Monday's talks with  France, Britain and Germany to ensure it has the right to go on  carrying out research with equipment that could be used to  develop nuclear weapons, Western diplomats said.
Radical cleric issues fatwa demanding release of French reporters (AFP) AFP - A leading radical Iraqi cleric issued a fatwa (Islamic decree) demanding the immediate release of two French reporters held hostage for more than two weeks.
Sans list warns of Unix version control risk New threats to Unix users include a widely used software development aid known as concurrent version control, according to the latest annual Sans Top 20 vulnerability report.
SanDisk doubles memory card capacities SanDisk on Tuesday announced new flash memory cards with higher capacities, designed to fit into consumer gizmos like digital cameras, camcorders and cell phones.
Gardner not saddened Shed no tears for Rulon Gardner. Yes, that really was Gardner, the only man brave enough to not just stand up to the invincible Alexander Karelin but to beat him, nearly
Northwest adds Guangzhou, more flights from Indianapolis Northwest Airlines is expanding services again in Indianapolis and has begun a new passenger service from Guangzhou, China, to its Tokyo hub.
U.S. Stocks Up, Technology Leads Way  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology stocks climbed near a  2-month high on Monday, as investors seeing value in a battered  group bought software and semiconductor shares, while higher  crude oil prices limited blue-chip gains.
Movie Studios Sue File Traders The trade group that represents movie studios filed its first round of lawsuits Tuesday against people who allegedly share copyright films on the internet.
Getting beyond the next big thing McKinsey says a post-boom tech industry can profit mightily by taking stock in the operations of many slower-growth industries.
Sooners #39; Jones to return; starting RB undecided Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops said Tuesday that running back Kejuan Jones would be able to play in the No. 2 Sooners #39; game Saturday against No.
Laptops may damage male fertility Men who use laptop computers may inadvertently be risking their fertility, experts believe.
Socceroos on Honiara goal spree Frank Farina #39;s new look Australian attack fired the Socceroos to a 4-0 half-time lead over Solomon Islands in their their Confederations Cup qualifier in Honiara this afternoon.
Arafat Conscious, Days Needed for Diagnosis-Aide  CLAMART, France (Reuters) - Doctors will need "several  days" to diagnose Yasser Arafat's illness but the Palestinian  leader was conscious and in good shape when he arrived in  France on Friday, a Palestinian diplomat said.
Phillipines in Fiscal Crisis, May Face Economic Collapse President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo said Monday that she is studying the feasibility of declaring a state of economic crisis to ease pressure on public finances.
Disney CEO Eisner to Resign in 2006 Description: Michael Eisner, the embattled head of the Walt Disney Co., is planning to step down as CEO when his contract expires in the year 2006.
Kasuri to meet Singh, Kashmir separatists External Affairs Minister Natwar Singh and his Pakistani counterpart Khurshid Mehmud Kasuri will be meeting for the second consecutive day today.
Delta #39;s downsizing rallies competitors Delta Air Lines #39; jolting move Wednesday to shut down its hub at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport will result in fewer flight options for travelers while aiding its competitors.
Ivory Coast violence: France will act tirelessly for safety &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS: France will act tirelessly to ensure the safety of French citizens and other foreigners in Ivory Coast, President Jacques Chirac said Friday.
Williams to Meet Sharapova in WTA Champs Final  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Serena Williams ended Amelie  Mauresmo's hopes of grabbing the year-end number one ranking by  beating the Frenchwoman 4-6, 7-6, 6-4 in the semi-finals of the  WTA Tour Championships Sunday.
Airline Can Use Lenders #39; Cash, Judge Says A US bankruptcy court judge approved an agreement yesterday that extends US Airways Group Inc. #39;s ability to draw on cash from its lenders to fund operations through mid-January.
Dean Foods Exits Nutritional Beverages  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dean Foods Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DF.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. dairy company, on Friday said it expects to take \$10.2  million of charges as it exits the nutritional beverage  business and closes a Michigan plant.
Nintendo, Sony devices to target holiday shoppers NEW YORK -- Nintendo Co. and Sony Corp. made separate product announcements yesterday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
Fiedler Beats Out Feeley As Dolphins' QB (AP) AP - Jay Fiedler was named Miami's starting quarterback for the fifth consecutive season Tuesday, beating out A.J. Feeley after a six-month competition.
Verizon Backs Off From Possible Sprint Bid (AP) AP - Verizon Communication Inc.'s wireless partner on Tuesday distanced itself from discussions on a potential bid for Sprint Corp.
Blasts Kill 30 on Egypt-Israeli Border CAIRO, Egypt - An explosion tore through a resort hotel Thursday night where Israelis were vacationing at the end of a Jewish holiday, killing at least 30 people and wounding more than 100, officials said.    Two smaller blasts were reported later at other tourist sites in Egypt's Sinai peninsula, and witnesses gave unconfirmed reports that car bombs caused all three blasts...
Divers find gash in hull of oil tanker A 6-foot gash has been discovered in the hull of a tanker that leaked 30,000 gallons of crude oil into the Delaware River Friday night, officials said yesterday.
Is Interest in Online Music Fading? Research firm NPD Group says that, while Apple Computer #39;s ITunes service remains the clear market leader in the sector, the number of paying customers using such services has declined since April.
Internet Explorer #39;s Still-Huge Share Keeps Falling Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer #39;s share of the browser universe slipped nearly a full percentage point since September, giving more hope to open-source rivals such as Mozilla #39;s Firefox that the trend is not a fluke.
New bird survives hungry Filipinos Manila - A new species of flightless bird has been discovered living on a tiny island in the northern Philippines where the inhabitants formerly ate them, scientists and birdwatchers said on Tuesday.
Ukraine Election in the Balance Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych led the high-tension presidential race in this post-Soviet republic with about 45 of the vote, too little to clinch a first-round victory, the Central Elections Commission said early today.
Venezuela envoy quits Panama Venezuela withdraws its ambassador from Panama, in an on-going row about a pardon for four Cuban exiles.
Satan's little helper drinks Diet Coke Former MP3 impresario Michael Robertson tells CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos why "free" need not be a dirty word.
Customers Not Confident Of Oracle-PeopleSoft Integration &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nearly two-thirds of PeopleSoft customers  quot;not at all confident quot; Oracle will integrate products, survey finds. Half of Oracle feel that way.
FDA Approves Implanted Medical-Records Chip The US Food and Drug Administration gave consenting adults the ability to carry vital medical records wherever they go by voting Wednesday to approve an implantable computer chip the size of a grain of rice.
Oil Price Dive Deepens as Supplies Swell  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid more than a dollar to  7-week lows on Tuesday as growing signs of ample supply ease  concerns over fuel stocks for the northern winter.
Google #39;s Auction Loosens Wall Street #39;s Grip on High-Priced IPOs Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc. #39;s share sale has put Wall Street on notice: The old way of doing business may be ending.
IATA Says Airline Fuel Bill Up USD\$10 Billion The global airline industry stands to incur losses of between USD\$3 billion and USD\$4 billion this year as surging oil prices wipe out any hope of profit created by rising passenger traffic, the International Air Transport Association said on Monday.
Mourinho praise for Chelsea Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has praised his team following the 3-0 Group H UEFA Champions League victory over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes.
Twinkies maker in crisis There #39;s an old saying in the business world when a sale seems all but assured: It was as easy as selling Hostess Twinkies. That may no longer be true.
Woman Working for British Charity Abducted in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kidnappers seized a woman who heads a  British charity in Baghdad Tuesday, just over two weeks after  captors beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley.
Briefly: IBM posts documentation for Cloudscape roundup Plus: Phone defect could affect hearing...OSDL hires lawyer, opens China office...Ex-Palm CEO Yankowski to head Majesco.
IAEA report on Iran may undermine US demands A new report on UN inspections in Irans nuclear facilities may undermine the US demand to send Tehrans nuclear file to the UN Security Council this month, diplomats said on Wednesday.
Experts Nix Endangered Status for Grouse (AP) AP - Interior Department biologists have recommended against adding the sage grouse to the endangered species list, a determination that could wind up benefiting natural gas and oil producers but add to environmentalists' concerns.
United unions seek up to \$1 billion in skipped pension payments The trustee firm representing employee pension funds at United Airlines sought a court order today that the carrier be required to make up hundreds of millions of dollars
British Troops Wounded as Families Campaign Against War A helicopter pilot and a Black Watch soldier were wounded close to Baghdad today as Prime Minister Tony Blair came under pressure from families of serving troops and over the future of Scottish regiments.
Powell and Governor of Florida Arrive in Bangkok The four-day trip through the region is designed to assure nations devastated by the tsunami of the United States' support.
Electronics Industry Battles for the Living Room  SAN FRANCISCO/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The living room, once  the most technologically simple part of the average home, is a  high-tech battleground today as the consumer electronics  industry seeks to digitize home entertainment and make it  available anywhere, anytime.
IBM #39;s Blue Gene Wins Fastest Supercomputer Honors IBM (Quote, Chart) secured the top spot in the rankings for world #39;s fastest supercomputer as Blue Gene/L ran at a sustained speed of 36.
Delta says it will cut more jobs ATLANTA -- Struggling Delta Air Lines Inc. plans additional job cuts as part of its effort to avoid bankruptcy, chief executive Gerald Grinstein said yesterday in a memo to employees.
Conrad Black #39;s troubles Conrad Black has had one of Canada #39;s most colourful business careers. But his fortunes have taken a tumble in the last 18 months.
Wilkinson takes over at Leicester  quot;I spoke to Howard about helping Leicester out and he #39;s accepted that situation, quot; Bassett said in an interview with Sky News.
Garcia Wishes Owens Would Move On (AP) AP - Someday, Jeff Garcia and Terrell Owens may connect again. Someday, the former teammates may be able to talk, shake hands and repair their ruptured relationship. And maybe, just maybe, they can become friends again. Someday. Not this week.
Iraqi captors to  #39;free US journalist #39; The captors of an French-American journalist being held in Iraq have announced he will be released soon.
Huge turnout for  Indian Maoists Tens of thousands of people attend a rally called by the left-wing rebel  People's War Group in southern India.
Iraqi Scientists to Wage War on Pollution (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi scientists will assess pollution\ranging from oil spills to scrap metal from destroyed military\vehicles in an effort to tackle environmental damage in the\war-ravaged country, the United Nations said on Tuesday.
Soccer: U.S. Overcomes El Salvador After Bad-Tempered Battle  FOXBORO, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Brian Ching and Landon  Donovan scored well-taken goals as the United States beat  10-man El Salvador 2-0 in an ill-tempered CONCACAF zone Group A  World Cup qualifier on Saturday.
Ex-NASA Worker Charged for Faking Exams By MIKE BRANOM     ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- A former NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying examinations of crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery pleaded not guilty Friday in federal court, and his attorney called him "meticulous in his work."    A trial for Billy T...
Mauresmo Makes Crushing Start, Williams Posts Second Win  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Amelie Mauresmo made a powerful  start in her bid to end the year as world number one with a 6-1  6-0 rout of Vera Zvonareva at the WTA Championships Thursday.
Two Big Investment Banks Report Drops in Quarterly Profit Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns posted drops in quarterly profit yesterday, surprising some investors one day after two other big investment banks reported a rise in earnings.
Huskies Down Knights Dan Orlovsky throws three touchdown passes and the Huskies put themselves in position for a bowl bid with a wild 41-35 victory over Rutgers on Thursday.
PluggedIn: Ultrawideband Heralds Zippier Wireless Connections (Reuters) Reuters - Think of it as Wi-Fi on steroids.
Global Warming Fight to Get Harder from 2012 -U.N (Reuters) Reuters - Fighting global warming will get\tougher once the Kyoto protocol ends in 2012 and the world must\try to get Washington involved in the long term, the head of\the U.N. Environment Program said on Wednesday.
Personal Solar Panels Could Help Power Mobile Devices Mobile phone users left talking to themselves when their battery runs out in the middle of a call could soon see an end to their frustration as scientists perfect a way to recharge electrical equipment while on the move.
Trinidad climbs off canvas to keep title options open Felix Trinidad returned to the ring after more than two years to score a thrilling eighth-round stoppage of Ricardo Mayorga at New York #39;s Madison Square Garden in a non- title bout being described as one of the fights of the year.
Chevron to appeal pipeline ruling ChevronTexaco, America's second-biggest oil company,  is to appeal a court ruling ordering it to pay damages from a pipeline leak, reports say.
Moscow urges Tehran to sign NPT protocol, halt enrichment Russia called on Iran on Sunday to ease world concerns about its nuclear ambitions by ratifying the additional protocol of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) and halting all uranium enrichment, the Ria-Novosti news agency reported.
Torre Chooses Brown in Game 3 Yankees Manager Joe Torre bypassed Javier Vazquez in favor of Kevin Brown, the 39-year-old right-hander who has pitched in two World Series.
Artest says he wanted time off for family Ron Artest says he wanted time off from basketball to spend more time with his family and to heal his banged-up body, not to promote a new rap album, according to a broadcast report.
Jack Daniel's to the Rescue Jack Daniel's puts on a strong performance as Brown-Forman's earnings grow strongly.
Mortgage applications rise US mortgage applications climbed 12 percent last week as the lowest mortgage rates in four months prompted consumers to buy homes and refinance loans.
Ecclestone gets tough with Silverstone (AFP) AFP - The race to save the British Grand Prix descended into acrimony with Formula 1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone issuing a libel writ against Jackie Stewart.
"Faces of Africa" Photographers on Their 30-Year Endeavor Photographers Carol Beckwith and Angela Fisher discuss their experiences from over 30 years in Africa capturing and recording faces and customs. &lt;i&gt;With photo galleries.&lt;/i&gt;
Columbus Crew, Colorado Rapids Tie 1-1 (AP) AP - Duncan Oughton scored in the 41st minute, and the Columbus Crew extended their unbeaten streak to 18 with a 1-1 tie against the Colorado Rapids on Saturday night.
Total turn-off for tiresome TVs Like x-ray specs, the invisibility suit or the ever-lasting doughnut, it sounds too good to be true. But a US electronics expert is selling a tiny remote-control device that he claims can switch off any television at the push of a button.
E-Guinea to question Thatcher in SA State prosecutors from Equatorial Guinea have requested permission to question Mark Thatcher over his alleged involvement in coup attempt on President Teodoro Obiang Nguema.
Top-three seeds waltz out of Vienna Vienna, Austria (Sports Network) - Top seeds David Nalbandian, Nicolas Massu and Rainer Schuettler were all quarterfinal losers Friday at the indoor BA-CA Tennis Trophy.
Afghan President Makes Rare Campaign Trip (AP) AP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai made only his second successful campaign stop outside the safety of the capital on Tuesday, telling a crowd of 10,000 people that historic elections this weekend will deliver them from a quarter-century of war.
Seven Die in Clashes Over Ousted Afghan Governor  HERAT, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Seven supporters of an  ousted Afghan governor were killed and 20 were wounded on  Sunday in clashes with police and U.S. troops after crowds  torched U.N. offices, medics and witnesses said.
Sheff wins fourth Silver Slugger Gary Sheffield won #39;t find out about the American League #39;s MVP award for another two weeks, but the Yankees #39; right fielder earned a Silver Slugger award on Tuesday.
Tenet Healthcare Sees 4Q Results Below 3Q Hospital chain Tenet Healthcare Corp. said Monday that fourth-quarter results from continuing operations will fall below third-quarter levels, due to weak volumes and high bad debt expense, and forecast a slow earnings recovery in 2005.
Gutierrez named Michigan #39;s starting QB While it seemed likely during the preseason that Gutierrez would win the job, coach Lloyd Carr insisted two other quarterbacks - Clayton Richard and Chad Henne - had a shot.
Fierce gunfire erupts in Najaf after mortar fire NAJAF: A fierce gunbattle erupted between US troops and radical Shi #39;ite militants near Najaf #39;s holy shrine this morning, a Reuters witness said.
Infocus: Using Libwhisker This article discusses the use of Libwhisker, a PERL module which allows for the creation of custom HTTP packets and can be used for penetration  testing various web applications.
Blair attends Bigley memorial service Tony Blair has arrived at Liverpool Cathedral for a memorial service for murdered hostage Kenneth Bigley. The prime minister had made a number of telephone calls to the family of the civil engineer during the 62-year-old #39;s captivity in Iraq.
Kiev Parties as Court Orders Re-Run of Rigged Poll  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine begins preparing on Saturday for a  new election after its highest court annulled a rigged poll,  breaking a political deadlock and triggering a night of  ecstatic street celebrations in Kiev.
Airline seeking big concessions Many United Airlines employees face a dimmer career outlook after learning the airline proposes wage cuts, job cuts and pension terminations to help pare \$2 billion from annual costs.
Santander Says Abbey Bid Probe Wouldn #39;t Deter Offer (Update1) Santander Central Hispano SA, the biggest bank in Spain and Latin America, denied a press report that it may withdraw its 8.2 billion-pound (\$14.
RED BULL PUTS JAG IN F-ONE High-octane energy drink Red Bull thinks it can go faster on the racetrack than Jaguar. The beverage in the tiny can bought Jaguar #39;s celebrated Grad Prix team from Jaguar #39;s
Connecticut-based company engineered parachute system SOUTH WINDSOR, Conn. -- The parachute re-entry system for the failed Genesis space capsule was one of several projects designed and developed by a Connecticut-based aerospace company.
Afghan warlords 'threaten poll' Afghan warlords are involved in intimidation which could threaten October's elections, Human Rights Watch says.
NASCAR fans prepare for new homestretch Well, it may not be a typical playoff format, but NASCAR Nextel Cup #39;s 10-race championship chase officially begins today. The Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway is the first
Sun Woos Financial Customers on Wall Street NEW YORK -- Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) President and COO Jonathan Schwartz declared war on Red Hat Linux on Intel-based x86 machines in an attempt to woo financial services customers.
Delta pilots back, executive payroll cut Delta Air Lines says its pilots union decided to get back retired pilots of the company in order not to cancel flights as Delta already suffers huge losses.
Wedge hammers home importance of last games Manager Eric Wedge wanted to hear the sound of hammer on rock Monday night at Comerica Park. He wanted to know that the Indians #39; offense was making little ones out of big ones again.
Lycos Europe Anti Project disturbs Spammers Lycos Europe took a bold step by starting the  #39;Make love not spam #39; project. They can publicly backfiere some of the biggest spammers of the world.
Haitian death toll rises to 1,500 Relief supplies are reaching Port-au-Prince but are slow to reach hardest-hit Gonaives. A man tries to hang on to a sack of rice he apparently swiped from a truck near Gonaives.
Egypt's Foreign Minister, Powell to Meet (AP) AP - Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit said he will talk to Colin Powell about the need to end Israel's policy of "targeted killings" of Palestinian leaders when the U.S. secretary of state visits this month.
Rumsfeld confirms will stay on, vows transformation of US military KUWAIT CITY, Dec 6 (AFP) - US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Monday he would devote himself to transforming the military and bringing American troops out of Iraq as he confirmed he would remain in President George W. Bush #39;s administration.
Mobile gaming takes off in India \Gaming on the move is one of the fastest-growing activities amongst the tech-savvy in India, says a report.
Israeli FM minister heads to Paris to discuss Jewish attacks JERUSALEM, Aug 24 (AFP) - An Israeli cabinet minister hailed the French government #39;s stance on anti-Semitism Tuesday as Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom headed to Paris for talks on a growing spate of attacks on Europe #39;s largest Jewish community.
Shuttle missions could be reduced NASA confirmed Friday that space shuttle missions will resume as early as May, but agency officials said they will study how to cut future missions that would hasten the spacecraft #39;s retirement.
Doubts over Sadr peace deal The radical Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr was reported last night to have accepted a peace deal that could end the violent two-week uprising in Najaf and see his militia leave the city #39;s Imam Ali Shrine.
Canadians Felicien and Whyte advance to 100-metre hurdles final on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (CP) - Perdita Felicien of Pickering, Ont., and Angela Whyte of Edmonton each advanced to the 100-metre hurdles final. Felicien, one of Canada #39;s best hopes for a medal in Athens, won her heat in a time of 12.
Dell Axim X50 and X50v Review Like previous Dell Axims, the new Axim X50 comes in several different types. The most cutting-edge of these is designated the X50v, for its VGA screen.
Genesis space capsule to return with secrets of solar system In a harrowing feat high over the Utah desert, two helicopter stunt pilots will try to snatch a floating space capsule that holds  quot;a piece of the sun quot; and bring it safely down.
Koizumi insists Samawah  quot;noncombat quot; zone Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Monday he still considers Iraq #39;s southern city of Samawah as a  quot;noncombat quot; region despite the Iraqi government had announced a state
Boeing tanker deal unlikely The Pentagon #39;s top weapons buyer Tuesday said he expected officials to decide soon whether to solicit new bids for a multibillion-dollar deal to begin replacing the Air Force #39;s aging fleet of KC-135 refueling tankers.
Virgin tunes in to online music RICHARD Branson #39;s Virgin Group said today it was jumping into the market for online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; offering US customers song downloads for 99 US cents (\$1.
Stocks Are Seen Off a Touch at Open US stocks are seen off a touch at the open Wednesday as the price of oil continues to plague investor sentiment.
Kmart to acquire Sears Bob Vila meet Martha Stewart. Two venerable icons and brands -- Vila the pitchman for Sears Craftsman tools, and Stewart, the home-goods queen for Kmart -- might be sharing shelf space at a Sears or Kmart near you.
Nepal Maoists call for mediation The top Maoist rebel leader in Nepal  renews a call for international mediation to resume peace talks with the government
Common Antibiotic Can Trigger Cardiac Deaths By LINDA A. JOHNSON    (AP) -- A common antibiotic prescribed for 50 years to treat everything from strep throat to syphilis dramatically increases the risk of cardiac arrest, especially when taken with certain newer, popular drugs, a study found...
Bahrain renews Iraqi talks offer SHARM EL-SHEIKH: Bahrain last night reiterated His Majesty King Hamad #39;s offer to host an Iraqi political multi-sectarian conference in Manama.
Mortar attack wounds Iraqi guards Eight Iraqi National Guard members have been wounded in a mortar attack on their base in Baghdad, police said. Police said five mortars landed on the base in the al-Waziriya neighborhood of the capital on Thursday.
New Jersey Nets Team Report - November 16 (Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets lost their third straight game, as they were defeated by the Houston Rockets, 80-69, on Monday at Continental Airlines Arena.
New MyDoom Taunts Arrested Competitor A new MyDoom worm released this week taunts the just-charged author of a rival malware line by including his mug shot. MyDoom.y -- but also called MyDoom.
Oracle Quarterly Net Income Rises 16 Pct  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. on Tuesday reported  a 16 percent rise in quarterly net income as the world's second  largest software company benefited from steady demand for its  flagship database software.
McGrath, Gillespie watching Gabba skies Australian tailenders Glenn McGrath and Jason Gillespie will be hoping wet weather does not stop play from starting on time on day four of the first cricket Test against New Zealand at the Gabba in Brisbane.
US demands immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi WASHINGTON : The White House on Thursday demanded that Myanmar military authorities  quot;immediately and unconditionally quot; release opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and condemned her extended house arrest.
Rivals line up to take on iPod PALO ALTO, Calif. -- Lauren, 11, saunters nonchalantly past a Discovery Channel store and a Gymboree clothing store at the mall. Then suddenly, the girl's eyes light up and she pulls her mother into an Apple Computer Inc. retail shop.
Calgary crows over Imperial CALGARY - Calgary #39;s already sizzling business community has scooped its biggest prize yet with the move from Toronto of Imperial Oil Ltd.
Park opens up one shot lead A seven-under-par third round of 65 saw Korea #39;s Grace Park open up a one-shot lead going into the final round of the Wachovia Classic in Berkleigh.
UPDATE 1-Mauresmo starts strongly, Williams wins again Amelie Mauresmo made a powerful start in her bid to end the year as world number one with a 6-1 6-0 rout of Vera Zvonareva at the WTA Championships on Thursday.
Google 3rd-Qtr Profit More Than Doubles on Web Advertising Google Inc., the world #39;s most-used Internet search engine, said net income more than doubled to \$52 million after sales of Web advertising rose.
NFL concedes mistakes by officials Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs yesterday expressed displeasure with a pair of officiating calls in Washington #39;s 21-18 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on Monday night, and the NFL responded by conceding its crew made two mistakes.
Despite his putting, Weir gains The only putt Mike Weir made yesterday in the Canadian Open came at a good time, a 6-footer for birdie on the 18th hole for a 1-under-par 70 that gave him a three-shot lead and left him in great shape to become the first Canadian in 50 years to win his national championship.
Iraq Abductors Vow to Free U.S. Journalist (AP) AP - A top aide to firebrand Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, who appealed to kidnappers to free a Western journalist, said Friday they had promised to release him. The pan-Arab television station Al-Jazeera reported Thursday that a militant group calling itself the Martyrs Brigade had abducted New York journalist Micah Garen and threatened to kill him within 48 hours unless U.S. pulled out of the wear-shattered city of Najaf.
British businessman selling arms to Sudan: report (AFP) AFP - A millionaire British arms dealer is reportedly fuelling a bloody civil war in Sudan by arranging to supply its government with tanks, rocket launchers and a cruise missile.
Vandals Hit GOP Headquarters in N.Carolina (AP) AP - Vandals spray painted vulgar messages on the walls of the North Carolina Republican Party headquarters and left a burned effigy depicting President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, police said.
Hendrick Plane Crashes En Route to Nascar Race A plane owned by the Hendrick Motorsports organization crashed with 10 people aboard on its way to a race Sunday, the Federal Aviation Administration said.
Europe lunar probe enters orbit PARIS, France -- Europe #39;s first mission to the moon has successfully entered lunar orbit, a key milestone in its 13-month trip into space.
Video Game Review: 'Political Machine' (AP) AP - Political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with "The Political Machine."
Row over Australian army photo A Sydney newspaper has published a photograph of Australian soldiers posing as members of the Ku Klux Klan. The Daily Telegraph said the soldiers were dressed like that to intimidate young Aboriginal recruits.
Take it as red, I #39;ll be a dragon against Utd pals WE HAVE to make sure that this afternoons match at home to Middlesbrough is not an example of after the Lord Mayors show, because everyone has been on such a high since our fantastic 6-2 Champions League win over Fenerbahce.
Microsoft Warns on Spyware's Impact on Update By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- Though Microsoft Corp.'s new security update package is all about protecting systems from worms, viruses and spyware, it can't do much about what's already on computers - and that could pose a problem.    The company is warning users of the Windows XP operating system to check for spyware before downloading the free massive security update, called Service Pack 2...
Credit Suisse to Focus on Investment Bank  ZURICH (Reuters) - Credit Suisse plans to focus its  investment banking activities on high-margin business and float  off insurer Winterthur in a long-awaited revamp aimed at  boosting the earnings power of Europe's 10th-largest bank.
LIONS MUST DO WITHOUT JONES Detroit Lions rookie running back Kevin Jones will be sidelined at least two weeks with a high right ankle sprain. Since the Lions have a bye this weekend, coach Steve Mariucci is hoping that Jones will just miss the October 10 game at Atlanta.
Bush Leads in Race to 270 Electoral Votes (AP) AP - In a seesaw campaign, President Bush has opened a lead over John Kerry in their drive to White House victory by making gains in the Midwest and solidifying his Southern base.
Will Hurricane Frances Clip Retailers? Chico's may be a hot retailer, but its Labor Day weekend looks threatened.
Stocks Headed Lower; Oil Holds Above \$55  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  market open on Wednesday as investors appear to be pulling back  after Tuesday's rally, with oil prices holding above \$55 a  barrel.
Three dead in Israeli air strike in West Bank JERUSALEM -- An Israeli helicopter fired a missile at a car in the West Bank town of Jenin on Monday, killing three people, including a militant leader, Palestinian security officials said.
Robinson  quot;blessed quot; to lead England Jason Robinson, who will lead world champions England for the first time against Canada on Saturday, says he feels blessed to have been appointed captain.
LaBranche Posts 3rd-Quarter Net Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - LaBranche   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LAB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LAB.N&lt;/A&gt; , the largest  market-maker on the New York Stock Exchange trading floor, on  Monday posted a net loss for the third quarter amid a drop in  principal transcations and commissions.
New Afghan Army a Match for Taliban, U.S. Says  KABUL (Reuters) - The new Afghan army is winning the  support of the population and is capable of tackling a  lingering insurgency by remnants of the ousted Taliban regime,  the U.S. general in charge of its training said Monday.
10:16 am: Hungary #39;s designated prime minister must wait a month &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The millionaire businessman Hungary #39;s Socialists have chosen as this country #39;s next prime minister, will have to wait a month before he can be formally
Sainz takes parting shot at world rally set-up Spanish motor rally legend Carlos Sainz took a gentle swipe at the state of the world championship on Thursday after his glorious career ended with a whimper.
Microsoft faces new EC inquiry European Union regulators yesterday flexed their muscles by ordering an in-depth inquiry into plans by Microsoft and Time Warner to buy one of the world #39;s leading providers of anti-piracy software.
Amid Battle With Oracle, PeopleSoft Fires Its Chief In a surprise move, PeopleSoft today fired its president and chief executive officer, Craig Conway, citing a "loss of confidence."
Kazaa talked to record firms about music swaps - court SYDNEY: Kazaa, the world #39;s most popular internet file-swapping system, told a court yesterday it was worried about users exchanging unauthorised files and held talks with record companies in the United States about the problem.
Microsoft Offers Users Legal Protection In a bid to further differentiate itself from open-source rivals, Microsoft this week says it will expand its indemnification program to cover the vast majority of its customers.
Let the handheld games begin It #39;s the fight computer gamers have been waiting for. But the latest duel between wise old master Nintendo and challenger Sony is not taking place on a TV screen.
Mauresmo pulls out of Zurich Challenge World number two Amelie Mauresmo has pulled out of the Zurich Challenge tennis tournament after failing to recover from an ongoing thigh injury.
TORRE SERVES HIS BAN (New York Post) New York Post - TORONTO  #x2014; Suspended by MLB for yesterday's game, Yankee manager Joe Torre opted not to come to SkyDome at all, as Kevin Brown made his second start since returning from a broken left hand.
British Airways Raises A\$1.1 Bln From Qantas Sale (Update2) British Airways Plc, Europe #39;s second- largest airline, raised about A\$1.1 billion (\$770 million) from the sale of shares in Qantas Airways Ltd.
Jailed uprising leader Barghouti will seek Palestinian presidency Jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti has decided to run for Palestinian Authority president in a Jan. 9 election, seeking to succeed the late Yasser Arafat
Samsung Introduces First 5-Megapixel Camera Phone Samsung is turning up the heat in the mobile camera phone market with the introduction of the world #39;s first mobile phone with a 5-megapixel camera onboard.
No. 7 Texas Defeats New Mexico, 73-56 (AP) AP - Senior guard Jamie Carey scored a career-high 28 points, including six 3-pointers, to lead No. 7 Texas past New Mexico 73-56 on Saturday.
S amp;P raises outlook on Ingersoll-Rand Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Thursday raised its outlook on Ingersoll-Rand Co. to  quot;positive quot; from  quot;stable, quot; citing the proposed sale of its Dresser-Rand business unit.
Bonds #39; 700 odyssey: Homer, sweet homer SAN FRANCISCO - An avid fisherman not wholly unfamiliar with watercraft, Bruce Bochy knows his trawler from his zodiac, his canoe from his kayak.
US job creation disappoints The US jobless rate dropped in November, but analysts are surprise and disappointed by the weak job creation numbers reported by the US Labour Department.
Labor Costs, Hurricane Hit Alcoa Profit Alcoa Inc. (AA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest aluminum producer, said on Thursday that net income for the quarter rose slightly, as labor problems and
Net firms set sights on spammers British net firms are starting to get tough with firms that drum up trade using junk e-mails.
Businesses keep Q3 PC growth on track PC shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide PC market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from IDC and Gartner released Monday.
PeopleSoft Ousts Conway From CEO Job OCTOBER 04, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The turmoil surrounding PeopleSoft Inc. and the uncertainty about its future both increased another notch on Friday after the software vendor announced that its board had
News: US Secret Service busts 28 ID fraudsters A US-led operation targeting ID fraud crooks has led to the arrest of 28 people across seven countries this week.\
British Hostage's Family Appeals to Blair to Save Him (Reuters) Reuters - The family of a British hostage\threatened with execution in Iraq made a desperate appeal to\Prime Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday to meet kidnappers'\demands and save his life.
No referendum on disengagement plan: Sharon Brushing aside mounting pressures for a nationwide referendum on his disengagement plan, a defiant Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ruled out any such possibility along with calls for new elections.
Congo Official: Rwanda Troops Attacking (AP) AP - A senior Congolese official said Tuesday his nation had been invaded by neighboring Rwanda, and U.N. officials said they were investigating claims of Rwandan forces clashing with militias in the east.
Newsom calls for end to lockout In his most forceful move yet to bring an end to a disruptive labor dispute, Mayor Gavin Newsom urged operators of some of The City #39;s most prominent hotels to let employees return to work and pressed both sides to reach an agreement by Jan. 25.
Mobile Phone Firms Link for New High-Speed Standard (Reuters) Reuters - Leading wireless carriers and telecoms\equipment makers have agreed to develop an advanced mobile\phone standard capable of sending high-resolution video in an\instant, Japan's NTT DoCoMo said on Friday.
Hitting the wall Last week, Wal-Mart sent tremors through the US economy when it slashed its August sales forecast, predicting only flat to 2 per cent growth for the period.
IBM storage server targets midsize companies IBM last Friday announced that it will release a low-price disk server aimed at midsize companies that want to establish storage area networks.
Experts Say Control Systems Vulnerable Businesses and government agencies must re-examine the growing threat of cyberterrorism to automated computer systems running power grids, dams and other industrial facilities, security experts said Tuesday.
Ratings say Red Sox are team to watch Wednesday night's Red Sox-Angels game was the highest-rated telecast in NESN's 20-year history, returning a 15.1 rating in the Boston market. The audience peaked at an 18.8 rating during the quarter-hour beginning at 9 p.m.
Ancient bird fossil found Washington - The fossil of what may be one of the earliest baby birds has been found in northeast China. The fossil, estimated at 121 million years old, is curled up as though still in its shell.
Microsoft Purchases GIANT Company Software for Anti-Spyware &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; This morning, Microsoft pleasantly surprised me by purchasing GIANT Company Software, which makes what I believe to be the best anti-spyware solution on the market.
I.B.M.'s 3rd-Quarter Profit Beats Analysts' Predictions I.B.M. delivered a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
McAfee, CA integrate anti-spyware (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - As pests, adware, and other malicious applications infiltrate corporate computers with greater frequency, some vendors, including McAfee and Computer Associates, are bundling anti-spyware into security management suites, giving IT more tools to control the hazard.
Open-Source Community Skeptical About Microsoft #39;s Sender ID &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft this month is moving forward with the developer implementation of its anti-spam Sender ID framework, but open-source advocates and mail vendors doubt whether the software giant #39;s new proposed license meets open-source requirements.
Indian police kill country #39;s  #39;most wanted #39; bandit Police in southern India say they have killed the country #39;s most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, in a shootout. Veerappan, who is believed to have had ties with Tamil militants and accused of more
EU calls dollar's weakness 'unwelcome' The euro's growing strength against the US dollar is  quot;unwelcome, quot; the European Central Bank chief said yesterday as the 12-nation European currency hovered just below a record high.
Spain Quiets U.S. in Opening Davis Play (AP) AP - With drums pounding and a brass band playing, Andy Roddick and his U.S. teammates were reduced to silence Friday in the Davis Cup final.
Fulham hit by FA charges after brawl at West Brom Fulham are facing FA charges regarding the conduct of their players in a Premier League match at West Bromwich Albion last Saturday that included a mass brawl and three dismissals.
No apology from Prince Harry PRINCE Harry will not apologise to a paparazzi photographer with whom he scuffled outside a London nightclub, a royal spokesman said today.
Brocade #39;s Profit Rises Brocade Communications (BRCD:Nasdaq - news - research) increased fourth-quarter revenue by 13 and beat Wall Street #39;s earnings expectations by a penny, the maker of storage networking gear reported after the close Monday.
Greek Hijackers Warn of Deadly End if Ransom Not Met  ATHENS (Reuters) - Two suspected Albanians armed with  rifles and dynamite hijacked a packed passenger bus in Athens  and warned they would "light the fuse" if a Thursday deadline  for payment of a \$1 million ransom was not met.
Getting Into Google Book Search - Google Print Google Print, Google Print, Argh Argh Argh! Since I got back from Web Search University I have been buried in sites and resources to review.
Schwab cutting its trading fees Charles Schwab (SCH), the biggest US discount brokerage, Monday said it will cut trading fees. Standard online commissions will go down to \$19.
Diversity Defines Bryant Case Jury Pool (AP) AP - Residents of Eagle County are a diverse lot  #151; 23 percent Hispanic, 0.3 percent black. Forty-three percent of them are college graduates. And attorneys in the Kobe Bryant rape case would love to know what they are thinking right now.
PM preferred leader THE Coalition remains in a strong position to retain the nation #39;s key marginal seats - including Adelaide and Hindmarsh - Newspoll has found.
Official: MLB to Move Expos to Washington WASHINGTON - Richard Nixon was president and man was still making trips to the moon the last time the word "Washington" appeared in the major league baseball standings.    On Opening Day, April 4, 2005, look for the nation's capital to return...
Okocha set to return vs Baggies Bolton playmaker Jay-Jay Okocha insists he will be fit to face West Brom on Saturday. Okocha was forced to sit out the draw against Birmingham at the weekend after suffering a groin injury in training on Friday.
Israel Targets  #39;Forgotten Outpost #39; for Security Barrier Responding to a public outcry after a bloody Palestinian attack, Israeli bulldozers began flattening land for a security barrier in a part of the West Bank that has been ignored up to now.
Annan Tells Powell U.N. Will Aid Iraq Vote (AP) AP - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, fending off Republican demands for his resignation over alleged corruption, said Thursday he will expand U.N. support for Iraqi elections if need be. He said he was not offended that President Bush did not ask to see him during this visit to Washington.
Update 1: New York Foreign Exchange The search giants have tried localizing, but with fair success. Here #39;s a model that could work better. A new book shows how a change of ownership brought new life to the Boston Red Sox franchise.
Peaceful Coexistence, Until Next Time With a legacy of pugilism growing by the series, the Yankees and the Red Sox continued to add to their long list of run-ins, although Sunday #39;s slights and brushbacks were
No. 14 Utah Defeats New Mexico 28-7 (AP) AP - Quarterback Alex Smith ran for two touchdowns and Steve Savoy caught 11 passes for 150 yards in Utah's 28-7 victory over New Mexico on Friday night.
Google shares rise in debut Shares in Google rose \$15.01 or 17.7 percent, to open at \$100.01 its public debut on the Nasdaq stock exchange. The jump was a surprise, given the initial \$85 price of the shares and the unusual style of the sale.
Crude Oil Futures Fall a Third Day as Iraq Increases Shipments Crude oil futures fell for a third day as Iraq, the sixth-largest supplier to the US, increased shipments to tankers for the first time in two weeks.
Veteran British DJ John Peel Dies in Peru &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jude Webber and Kate Kelland&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA/LONDON (Reuters) - Veteran British disc jockey JohnPeel, who championed new music trends like punk on mainstreamradio, has died of a heart attack on holiday in Peru.&lt;/p&gt;
Red Sox' Anguish and Yankees' Mystique and Aura Dissolve in Game 7 With a barrage of four home runs the Boston Red Sox eliminated the Yankees with a 10-3 victory in Game 7 of the A.L.C.S. at Yankee Stadium.
Treasuries Up as Weak Jobs Ease Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt rallied on Friday  as a weak employment report revived talk the Federal Reserve  might slow the pace of interest rate increases.
Dolly scientists' human clone bid The scientists who cloned Dolly the sheep apply to use cloned human embryos to study motor neurone disease.
OSDL introduces improved Linux kernel development tool Open Source Development Lab has upgraded a key Linux kernel development tool, the Scalable Test Platform, with new features to improve simulations of enterprise data centers on the Linux kernel.
Ilitch says he #39;ll be aggressive in seeking top players One winter of big spending brought the Detroit Tigers back from one of the worst seasons in baseball history. Now owner Mike Ilitch suggests that he #39;s planning a repeat performance.
Key Militant Suspect in Deadly US Consulate Bombing Arrested Consulate in Karachi two years ago, but another key member of his network remains at large, a senior official said Thursday. Naveed-ul Hassan was detained Wednesday at a clothing shop he had been running for
Richardson backs UC lab bid New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson is urging the University of California to stay in the competition to run three of the nation #39;s scientific laboratories.
Devil Rays thumbnails at Fenway Park Records: Boston is 86-56 (second in the AL East); Tampa Bay is 61-80 (fourth in AL East). Tonight (7:05, NESN, WEEI): LHP Scott Kazmir (1-1, 5.62) vs. RHP Pedro Martinez (16-5, 3.44). Tomorrow (7:05 p.m., NESN, WEEI): RHP Dewon Brazelton (6-7, 4.33) vs. RHP Tim Wakefield (11-9, 4.64). Thursday (7:05 p.m., NESN, WEEI): LHP Mark Hendrickson (8-14, ...
Kuchma urges candidates to cool down, pledges national stability He called on candidates and election staffs to cool down. The one who carries out the election struggle with dignity and finds the shortest way to the minds and hearts of voters will become the president of Ukraine, Kuchma said.
Alien probe 'best way to find ET' We should be using probes to look for life in space instead of radio signals, say scientists.
Sagging Dollar Hits New Low Against Euro A stock trader reacts at the Frankfurt stock market, Germany, Wednesday, Nov 17, 2004. The German stock index DAX reached this year #39;s highest level on the same day the US dollar dropped to a new all-time low
Mass. tops life science ranking Massachusetts is better poised to capitalize on biotechnology and pharmaceuticals than any other state, according to a study to be released today by the Milken Institute, an independent economic think tank.
Judge lets US Airways cut workers #39; pay by 21 ALEXANDRIA, Va. - A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority yesterday to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent through mid-February, saying the airline #39;s situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
Adobe beats estimates on strong overall growth Despite a slight seasonal dip, the software maker surpasses earnings expectations, as year-over-year growth comes in strong.
Ireland 55 - 6 USA When the public address announcement at Lansdowne Road yesterday put the attendance at 38,376 there was an addendum: thanking those hardy souls for turning out on such a foul day.
Bonds Wins MVP Award Despite Tainted Season  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds captured a record seventh MVP award on Monday,  providing a sparkling finish to a season tainted by doping  allegations.
WS-Reliability middleware released as open source Three proponents of the WS-Reliability standard late last week released messaging software based on the specification as open source.
Manhunt game banned THE federal Office of Film and Literature Classification has refused to classify controversial game Manhunt, banning it from sale in Australia.
Microsoft Sees \$100 Million First Day for 'Halo 2'  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - First-day sales of Microsoft  Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; new video game "Halo 2" will reach \$100  million, a senior Microsoft games executive said on Tuesday.
LG Philips LCD starts mass production of 6th-generation TFT-LCD &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL (AFX) - LG Philips LCD Co Ltd, one of the world #39;s leading manufacturers of thin-film-transistor liquid crystal displays (TFT-LCD), said its new sixth-generation TFT-LCD fabrication plant has started mass production of wide screens.
Players feel they have solution Toronto Sun. They #39;re whistling a new tune in the lockout trenches, not quite the Hockey Night In Canada theme, but more pleasant to the ears than three months of bombast.
Mail-Order Drugs Bite Into Rite Aid Sales  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RAD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RAD.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Tuesday warned that full-year profit and revenue would fall  short of expectations as it loses pharmacy sales to mail-order  rivals, sending its shares down 16 percent.
Kent agrees to \$17 million, two-year contract with Dodgers ANAHEIM - The Los Angeles Dodgers got the established run producer they coveted for the middle of their lineup, and Jeff Kent got the team he wanted to play for since he was a boy.
Spammers Hijack Sender ID Microsoft #39;s E-mail-filter technology, Sender ID, is unpopular with open-source advocates but popular with spammers, who are using it to bypass other filters.
Libyan leader Gadhafi hosts mini-summit on Sudan's Darfur conflict (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TRIPOLI, Libya (AP) - Saying they hoped African leaders could solve what the United Nations calls the world's worst humanitarian crisis without sanctions, the leaders of Egypt, Chad, Nigeria and Libya discussed the crisis in Sudan's Darfur region with the Sudanese president Monday.
Economic Growth Slowed in Many Regions  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - While the U.S. economy continued to  grow in late July and August, growth slowed in several regions  as household spending softened, the Federal Reserve said on  Wednesday.
House Arrest Ends for Ex-Parmalat Chief With his period of house arrest over, former Parmalat boss Calisto Tanzi took a walk in the garden of his villa Monday, following nine months of detention and questioning over the fraud scandal that engulfed his company.
Favre, Packers pummel Rams CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Quarterback Brett Favre celebrated his 200th straight start with three touchdown passes as the Green Bay Packers defeated the St.
Must-wins for Marlins Big Day: This is probably the Marlins #39; last chance to get back in the wild-card race in earnest, their final Hail Mary play. If they sweep this doubleheader -- rescheduled, because of Hurricane
Hamas May Accept Statehood in West Bank (AP) AP - The militant group Hamas will accept a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip and a long-term truce with Israel, a leader said Friday, apparently softening Hamas' hardline stance and boosting hopes for renewed peace efforts after Yasser Arafat's death.
Ferrari on Top in Practice for Brazil GP Rubens Barrichello set the pace Friday in his native city, just ahead of Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher, as the two took the top times in practice for the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Typhoon Meari Passing Through Japan #39;s Northern Tohoku Area Typhoon Meari, the eighth tropical cyclone to reach Japan this year, is passing through the northern Tohoku area at 60 kilometers (37 miles) an hour toward the Pacific Ocean with a maximum wind of 83 kilometers an hour.
Inkster 1 back after Lindley fires 65 AUBURN, Calif. -- Leta Lindley #39;s Florida home remains in the eye of the hurricane. She has an infant son to coddle and the death of her longtime coach to mourn.
Google creators in share sell-off Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin stand to pocket over \$1bn each by selling shares in their web search firm.
Bomb Threat Sparks Stansted Emergency A bomb threat forced a passenger plane to divert to a London airport under military escort for an emergency landing today. The Olympic Airways flight
The Fight of His Life Kofi Annan built a reputation as the world #39;s most trusted diplomat, but the oil-for-food scandal has riled US critics. Is his job in jeopardy?
Three Georgian servicemen killed in South Ossetia MOSCOW, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Three Georgian servicemen were killed while five others were wounded in overnight fighting in Georgia #39;s breakaway province of South Ossetia, Russian news agencies reported, citing Georgian officials.
Wizards Exude Optimism Another season means another round of rosy predictions of Wizards postseason glory.
Sachin In Squad For First Two Tests Bangalore, Oct. 1 (NNN): Despite the ongoing concerns about an elbow injury, countrys master-blaster Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar was included on Friday in the 15-member Indian squad for the first two cricket
Open-source rival to Exchange released Netline Internet Service, an Olpe, Germany-based company that develops a competitor to Microsoft #39;s Exchange e-mail and collaboration server software, on Monday fulfilled a promise to release its product as open-source software.
Powell Advises Mideast Caution Secretary of State Colin L. Powell prescribed a cautious approach to resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict Friday, saying substantial steps toward creation of a
Major Quake Rattles Southern New Zealand (AP) AP - A powerful earthquake shook much of New Zealand's South Island on Tuesday, but emergency services said they had no immediate reports of injury or significant damage.
Advertisers Tune In to New Radio Gauge In 14 locations around the Washington area, MobilTrak devices are sensing which radio stations drivers are listening to by picking up electronic signals emitted from car antennas. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
F1: Red Bull snaps up Jaguar Drink company Red Bull steps in to buy Jaguar hours before its closure deadline.
Fresh suspicion over Iran #39;s nuclear aims A breakthrough deal between Iran and the EU aimed at defusing an international crisis over Tehran #39;s alleged nuclear ambitions was thrown into uncertainty last night when diplomats said Iran was rushing to process feed material for the manufacture of bomb
Race on to rush relief to Philippine flood victims GENERAL NAKAR - Philippine soldiers yesterday rushed food, drinking water and other supplies by foot and helicopter to provinces cut off by four storms in two weeks which have left more than 1300 people dead or missing.
Braves force fifth game CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Houston Astros blew a 5-2 lead to lose for the first time at home in 20 games, a crucial defeat that forced a fifth game finale in Atlanta on Monday.
Le rapport Kok suscite des ractions mitiges The high level expert group chaired by former Dutch prime minister Wim Kok has presented its review of the Lisbon strategy to the European Commission on 3 November 2004.
Google sees Q4 rev growth slowdown NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Google said its revenue growth rate from the second to the third quarter of 2004 may not be sustainable into the fourth quarter of this year.
Rivera Says He Plans to Return for Game 1 (AP) AP - Yankees closer Mariano Rivera said he plans to return from a family funeral in Panama on Tuesday in time for Game 1 of the AL championship series against Boston. Rivera flew home to comfort relatives after two members of his wife's family were electrocuted in his pool. The ALCS begins Tuesday night at Yankee Stadium.
Cubs sign shortstop CHICAGO The Chicago Cubs have come to terms on a one-year contract with shortstop Nomar Garciaparra. He joined the Cubs in a mid-season trade from Boston; it was part of a four-team deal.
Spurs overcome sloppy effort to top Bulls With his mother living in France, and his father, brothers and grandparents living in Chicago, Tony Parker doesn #39;t get to play in front of his family that often.
Turkish Opposition Party: Penal Code should be Ready by October 6 Turkey #39;s main opposition Republican People #39;s Party (CHP) called for the Turkish Parliament (TBMM) to convene for an emergency meeting on Septembers 28th to ready the Turkish Penal Code (TCK) by October 6th.
Brennan has the last word He was, as usual, ready with a monologue that played well in Burlington or Barre or anywhere else in a state where he has become a beloved figure, known for his quick wit and engaging personality.
Oil hits high on Nigeria threat LONDON, England -- Oil prices have surged to historic levels as a threat of civil war in Nigeria adds to concerns over tight global supplies.
Jeremy Warner #39;s Outlook: The pensions blot on Chancellor #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Gordon Brown was at it again at the Labour Party conference in Brighton yesterday, boasting of the fiscal and monetary stability he and his policies have introduced into the UK economy.
Techs rally on Internet deal NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Technology markets rallied Wednesday. They were boosted by soaring Internet stocks on news that Cendant plans to buy Orbitz and by investors looking for general bargains in the recently battered sector.
Blast rocks Nepal police post KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Maoist guerrillas have set off a bomb at an empty police post near Kathmandu, police say, and the Nepali capital remains cut off by land for the third day due to a rebel blockade call.
FUTURES MOVERS Crude-oil futures stabilized Friday, moving narrowly higher as traders digested developments out of Najaf, Iraq, and assessed what the possibility of restoring peace
Oil Retreat Deepens Ahead of U.S. Data (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices extended recent heavy losses\on Wednesday ahead of weekly U.S. data expected to show fuel\stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
Update 1: Kellogg Appoints Jenness As Its New CEO Kellogg Co., the nation #39;s largest cereal maker, appointed a board member with decades of branding experience to succeed chairman and chief executive Carlos Gutierrez, a dynamic leader who guided the maker of Pop-Tarts, Frosted Flakes and Cheeze-It
Bush Attends Army-Navy Football Game (AP) AP - The roar of Air Force One and a tip of its wing over the playing field signaled President Bush's arrival Saturday at the Army-Navy football game, a matchup steeped in tradition and shadowed today by the war in Iraq.
UNDATED: in 1997. Eddie Griffin scored 23 points and Kevin Garnett had 20 despite a shoulder injury to lift Minnesota over winless New Orleans (0-8).
NZ interest rates rise The cash rate in New Zealand now sits at 6.5 per cent after Reserve Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ) again raised interest rates by 25 basis points, the sixth such increase since January 2004.
Red Sox reach agreement with catcher Doug Mirabelli The Boston Red Sox have reached an agreement with backup catcher Doug Mirabelli, who would become the first of the World Series champions #39; 16 free agents to re-sign.
Baby Charlotte can be allowed to die, judge rules Charlotte Wyatt, the premature baby clinging to life in a hospital oxygen box, is to be allowed to die if her breathing stops. A High Court judge today gave Charlotte #39;s doctors permission not to resuscitate
Greenspan Rate Warning Spooks Treasuries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices skidded lower  on Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said  investors should be hedged for higher interest rates.
Israel Offers Cash to Jewish Settlers Israel is offering cash advances of up to 115-thousand dollars to Jewish settlers willing to leave the Gaza Strip and West Bank. It #39;s the first concrete step toward carrying out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s contentious pullout plan.
Tokyo Stocks Seek Direction from Overseas  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks are expected to stick to a  narrow range this week as investors focus on a flood of U.S.  earnings, soaring oil prices and the race for the White House.
U.S. Urges Israel to Smooth Way for Palestinian Vote  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A U.S. envoy said before a  visit by Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday that Israel  should take steps to smooth the way for a Palestinian  presidential election set for Jan. 9.
Software Should Not Be Copyrighted -- Lawsuit (Reuters) Reuters - Computer software should not be\protected by copyright laws designed for music, literature and\other creative works, according to a lawsuit filed in a U.S.\court in San Francisco.
Red Hat Users Under Phishing Attack (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT), provider of Linux software and support, has issued a security alert to its customers. E-mails are circulating, says the company, that appear to come from Red Hat but actually are phishing hoaxes.
Former rebel leader elected Kosovo prime minister The Kosovo parliament on Friday elected former rebel leader Ramush Haradinaj, an ethnic Albanian, as prime minister of the UN-controlled southern Serbian province.
The Palestinian hunger strike ends ighteen days after they began a hunger strike demanding improved humanitarian conditions, Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails resumed eating last night.
Kim states her case with 62 Christina Kim made 11 birdies and tied the tournament record of 10-under-par 62 yesterday for a two-shot lead after the opening round of the LPGA State Farm Classic in Springfield, Ill.
KMart Same-Store Sales Fall 4.6 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said sales at stores open at least a year fell 4.6 percent in  the November-December period -- an improvement from declines  earlier in the year.
FEC Says Corzine Can Give Unlimited Funds (AP) AP - Wealthy members of Congress can give unlimited amounts of their own money to groups for get-out-the-vote drives even though they are barred from raising big checks for their campaigns or others, election officials said Thursday.
Islamic Rebels Behead 2nd Thai Buddhist Suspected Islamic militants beheaded a Buddhist laborer in Thailand #39;s tumultuous south, police said Tuesday, the second such killing in retaliation for the deaths
Sharapova Beats Hantuchova to Extend Win Streak Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova stretched her winning streak to 10 matches with a 6-4, 7-5, victory over Slovakia #39;s Daniela Hantuchova in the second round of the Zurich Challenge Wednesday.
Conn. man charged with selling secret Windows code A 27-year-old Connecticut man was arrested today on charges he offered online to sell the source code for Microsoft's Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 programs.
Profit could miss Wall St. forecast by as much as 42 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Alcoa fell more than 5 percent in late trade Thursday after the company said it expects third-quarter earnings to fall short of Wall Street forecasts, citing a strike, a fire and restructuring costs.
Kinks Seen in Theft of Saturn's Ring Material (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - New images from the Cassini spacecraft reveal undulating kinks in one of the rings and theft of ring dust by a moon. The kinks are seen in greater detail than ever before and the thievery has been photographed for the first time.
Delta Stock Up After Pilots' Deal Reached  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; has  reached a tentative contract with its pilots that will save the  cash-strapped airline \$1 billion annually, sending its shares  soaring almost 25 percent on Thursday.
Seattle vs. San Francisco SAN FRANCISCO (Ticker) -- Jerry Rice became the NFL #39;s most prolific wide receiver while he was with the San Francisco 49ers. On Sunday, the 42-year-old Rice makes his return to San Francisco as a member of the Seattle Seahawks.
Sun plans patent protection for open-source Solaris SAN JOSE, Calif.--When Sun Microsystems releases Solaris as open-source software, it plans to provide legal protection from patent-infringement suits to outsiders using or developing the operating system--one of several ways Sun hopes to make Solaris more
Pirates may trade Kendall to Oakland The former Torrance High star #39;s salary is a burden for tight-fisted Pittsburgh, which would get pitching help in return. By Alan Robinson.
National League Playoff Game Summary - Atlanta at Houston Houston, TX (Sports Network) - JD Drew singled home Rafael Furcal with the go-ahead run in the top of the ninth and John Smoltz pitched out of a jam in the bottom of the inning, as the Atlanta Braves forced a decisive fifth game of the National League
Sharapova has burning desire to satisfy fans ASIA has fallen in love with Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova - and the feeling is mutual. The 17-year-old Russian left for Europe yesterday with two more WTA titles after a successful three-leg swing
Japan #39;s banking revival starts with a cleanup  quot;Revival starts with a cleanup, quot; said post-World War II finance minister Juichi Tsushima on August 17, 1945. And a convoluted cleanup in Japan #39;s banking business is what is under way today.
UN Delays Cloning Decision The United Nations has put off for this year the question of whether to draft a treaty that would ban all human cloning. Diplomats instead settled on a compromise political declaration.
Coyotes re-sign RW Johnson to three-year deal ----------------------------------------------- GLENDALE, Arizona (Ticker) - Mike Johnson missed most of last season after undergoing shoulder surgery, but that didn #39;t stop the Phoenix Coyotes from giving him the veteran right wing a three-year contra
Stocks Drop After Greenspan Testimony NEW YORK - Investors adopted a wait-and-see attitude on the economy, despite Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's improved assessment, and bid stocks modestly lower Wednesday as Wall Street waits for better economic and earnings news.    While Greenspan said the economy has "regained some traction" after the summer's slowdown, investors looked past his congressional testimony, focusing instead on uncertainty about the health of the economy, third-quarter earnings pre-announcements and fiscal policy...
Disney Backs Blu-Ray This week, the Walt Disney Company and its Buena Vista division said they would release content on the Blu-Ray next-generation DVD standard, meaning that battlelines have been drawn in publishing content.
United Stuns MetroStars Earnie Stewart and Alecko Eskandarian score as D.C. United defeats the MetroStars, 2-0, on Saturday night, taking a commanding lead in their first-round playoff series.
Moss #39; Hamstring Forces Another Early Exit Minneapolis, MN -- Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Randy Moss was in the starting lineup Sunday when the team hosted the New York Giants, but the star wideout was again removed from the 34-13 loss due to his sore hamstring.
Redknapp charged after bad tackle LONDON, England -- The English Football Association have charged Tottenham captain Jamie Redknapp with serious foul play. The Spurs captain was guilty of a late challenge on Tim Cahill that resulted in the
Lidge puts Astros games in fridge For a guy who spent most of his first four professional seasons on the disabled list, Houston Astros reliever Brad Lidge has developed into quite the ironman these past two days.
China seals off villages in central region after ethnic rioting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Villages were cordoned off and thousands of police kept watch along roads in central China on Tuesday following riots between majority Han Chinese and a Muslim minority that killed seven people and injured 42.
China ready to implement WTO promises China is ready to reduce tariffs and drop barriers for foreign products to enter its market next year, China Radio International reported Tuesday.
WHO and FAO kept in dark on bird flu virus found in pigs in China (AFP) AFP - UN health and agriculture officials in China said they were not informed by the government of the deadly H5N1 bird flu virus being found in pigs, the first such discovery in the world.
Hostage Margaret:  #39;I don #39;t want to die like Bigley #39; Hostage Margaret Hassan has made an emotional appeal for UK forces to withdraw from Iraq, in a video shown on al-Jazeera. She was shown pleading:  quot;Please help me, please help me.
Poole is out for the year The Patriots seemed to have reason for optimism following Tyrone Poole's return to action last Sunday and the upgrading of Ty Law to doubtful for the team's visit to Miami Monday. But the situation changed yesterday. Poole was placed on the injured reserve list and is out for the season, according to Patriots spokesman Stacey James.
This Kansan Made Good, Maybe Too Good, Some Say David Wittig #39;s spoils from his tenure as chief executive of Kansas #39; largest electric utility, a company once brash enough to be called the Enron of the Midwest, are the talk of Topeka.
Ex-Enron Asst Treasurer Strikes Plea Deal (Reuters) Reuters - A former Enron Corp.  \assistant treasurer pleaded guilty on Tuesday in U.S. District\Court to conspiracy to commit securities fraud for disguising\the company's weak finances before its dramatic collapse.
AP: Witness Shows Weakness in Bashir Case JAKARTA, Indonesia - Prosecutors have pinned their case against an alleged terror chief on a former comrade, who plans to testify that cleric Abu Bakar Bashir heads the al-Qaida-linked network blamed for numerous attacks, including last week's bombing of the Australian Embassy.    But in an interview with The Associated Press, key witness Nasir Abbas insisted that the Jemaah Islamiyah network is not a terrorist organization and he described Bashir as "just an Islamic teacher," saying he didn't know whether the 66-year-old played any role in terrorism...
Hub consumer group joins AFL-CIO in AstraZeneca suit The AFL-CIO and a Boston-based consumer advocacy group sued AstraZeneca yesterday, accusing the drug manufacturer of deceptively selling doctors and patients
Going to Bush Rally, Finding Strings Attached The Bush campaign has pressed rally audiences to work as foot soldiers, before, during and immediately after Bush events.
Referee halts Dutch league match over crowd insults Referee Rene Temmink ended the Dutch first division match between ADO Den Haag and PSV Eindhoven 10 minutes early on Saturday after taking exception to insulting chants aimed at him by the home fans.
Carpenter blow for Cards Pitcher Chris Carpenter, a 15-game winner for St Louis this season, will miss the opening round when they their play-offs campaign next week.
China Faces New Textile Import Limits (AP) AP - A top U.S. commerce official said he told China to expect American textile makers to seek new limits on Chinese imports as soon as next week, as he also urged Beijing to do more to stop piracy and lower trade barriers.
Stocks to Watch Friday (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks to watch on Friday: MICROSOFT\CORP. : The world's largest software maker will suffer\serious harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows\without Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer\told a European Union court.
A Texan's Race for the House That Could Lead to the F.C.C. A Republican running for Congress has received heavy donations from industry because of expectations over posts she may receive if she loses and President Bush wins.
To buy banks in Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland Danske Bank on Tuesday said it agreed to buy two Irish banks from the National Australia Bank for 967 million pounds (\$1.93 billion) in cash.
Yahoo to Buy Musicmatch for \$160M Internet portal Yahoo Inc. said Tuesday that it agreed to buy Web-based digital music and software provider Musicmatch Inc. for \$160 million in cash, in a deal which will supplement the offerings of Launch, Yahoo's digital music site.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Bills Place Euhus on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - The Buffalo Bills placed rookie Tim Euhus on injured reserve with a right knee injury Tuesday, the second tight end the team has lost this season.
Hilton Offers Reward for Lost Chihuahua LOS ANGELES - It's been a rough month for hotel heiress Paris Hilton. First, her Hollywood Hills home was burglarized and now her pet Chihuahua, Tinkerbell, has disappeared...
Jobless claims rise by 15,000 The number of people filing initial claims for US jobless aid rose more than expected to 352,000 last week, a government report showed Thursday.
Exhausted Massu rallies past Fish to claim gold Doing everything he could to buy time and beat exhaustion, Chile #39;s Nicolas Massu got past American Mardy Fish 6-3, 3-6, 2-6, 6-3, 6-4 in an error-filled Olympics men #39;s singles tennis final last night that lasted four hours.
S. Korea Backs U.N. Meeting on Stem Cell Research (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea said on Tuesday it\asked the United States to accept another year's delay in the\drafting of a divisive treaty banning human cloning to allow\time for a U.N. conference on the pros and cons of embryonic\stem cell research.
Briefly: RealNetworks loss widens on litigation roundup Plus: SmartDisk expands hard-drive line...Target to sell TiVo DVRs...Unisys signs up Linux allies...LookSmart names new CEO.
ENGLISH CRICKETS NEW TV DEAL The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has agreed a deal with pay-TV operator Sky Sports for all home Test matches, one-day internationals, Twenty20 and county action.
Murray ready for McEnroe SCOTLANDS Murray brothers face an exciting weekend north and south of the Border, with Jamie due to contest the doubles final of the LTA Futures event at Craiglockhart, and Andrew fulfilling a boyhood ambition at Wembley where he will come face to face
Candidates Vie for Wis., Iowa, Minnesota LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...
Sun Revisits Its Telecom Roots Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) is going back to its roots with fresh eyes as a key supplier in the telecommunications marketplace.
Halliburton may shed military, oil field arm When Halliburton was awarded contracts worth more than \$12 billion for work in Iraq, critics said that the company was using its political connections to reap big profits.
2005 Tour may not play to Armstrong #39;s strengths It also means he #39;ll have to be in top form right away. This year #39;s race,. lure of the world #39;s biggest cycling race is tough to resist.
Bono #39;s iPod NEW YORK - Rock band U2 has cut a deal with Apple Computer to sell custom iPods promoting the band #39;s forthcoming album. Sources close to the group say the U2 edition of the popular digital music player will
GAME DAY RECAP Tuesday, September 14 Felipe Lopez gave the Cincinnati Reds the lead in the sixth inning with his bat and made sure they kept it in the ninth with his glove.
Kaif, Patel put India on top Shane Warne ran through the Indian tail as the hosts were dismissed for 376 with a lead of 141 runs in the first innings of the second Test in Chennai on Saturday.
ING Reveals Improper Trading Case Details (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. unit of Dutch financial\services group ING Groep NV said on Wednesday a review of\improper trading in its mutual funds showed only isolated\incidents of impropriety.
Deep in the Arctic, clues on warming PROVIDENCE, RI - Scientists believe a 50-million-year record of the Earth #39;s climate lies in an underwater mountain chain in the ice-clogged waters near the North Pole.
Sun and Kodak settle out of court In an out of court settlement, Sun Microsystems has agreed to pay Kodak \$92 million to settle the long running patent case involving Java technology.
Israeli Forces Kill 6 Militants In Gaza Dubai, Oct. 19 (NNN): The Israeli military has claimed to have killed six Palestinian militants in separate incidents in and around Gaza.
Scots employers aim to go hire EMPLOYER hiring confidence in Scotland is robust for the first quarter of 2005, notably above the national average, according to research released today.
QBs could decide things for Tigers, Vols Are you ready for some football? Allow me to tell you who is most assuredly ready: Tennessee coaches, players and fans are ready, and Auburn coaches, players and fans.
For Intel, the future has two cores Chipmaker turns to a more-is-better approach, downplaying chip speeds in favor of new features and designs.
Merck heads to Capitol Hill BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Pharmaceutical behemoth Merck heads to Capitol Hill Thursday to testify at a Senate hearing on whether the government should have forced the drugmaker to withdraw its Vioxx drug from the market before late September.
Wild Oats, Pathmark Warn on Results (Reuters) Reuters - Natural and organic foods retailer\Wild Oats Markets Inc.  and Pathmark Stores Inc.\ both warned on Monday that their full-year results\would miss Wall Street forecasts because profit margins were\being squeezed by aggressive price cuts.
Is Marsh Ringing the Value Bell? Marsh  amp; McLennan (NYSE: MMC) has the highest yield this company #39;s share price has offered since 1988. The dividend has risen every year for the past 10 years at a 12 clip.
Amvescap cuts interim dividend by half Anglo-US fund firm Amvescap has announced a 50 percent cut to its interim dividend but says it plans to return to a progressive dividend policy for 2005 onwards.
Vic koalas to go on the pill Victorian environment officers are about to embark on an ambitious campaign, implanting contraceptives in 2,000 koalas. The new koala management strategy is designed to protect the koalas and their environment.
SBC, Cingular establish new IP-based integrated messaging service San Antonio-based SBC Communications Inc. (NYSE: SBC) has developed a new IP-based service Monday that will allow customers to combine their wireline and wireless voice mailboxes, e-mail accounts and faxes.
Paper: Sirius Pricey Despite Howard Stern  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SIRI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SIRI.O&lt;/A&gt; look pricey despite the company's new five-year, \$500  million pact with shock jock Howard Stern to air his program  starting in 2006, according to the latest edition of Barron's,  the weekly financial newspaper.
Founders of Pilgrim-Baxter fund settle charges of improper trading WASHINGTON The two founders of the Pennsylvania-based Pilgrim-Baxter mutual fund family have agreed settle regulators #39; charges of improper trading.
Cassini Heads Toward Giant Moon on Saturn This image taken by cameras on the US-European spacecraft Cassini on Sunday Oct. 24, 2004, reveals Saturn #39;s moon Titan #39;s bright  quot;continent-sized quot; terrain known as Xanadu.
More  #39;Spammers #39; in court A volley of lawsuits was launched against alleged spammers on Thursday by the four major US Internet service providers. This includes a case brought by AOL against twenty individuals accused of spimming, or
Warriors Beat Kings in Preseason Opener (AP) AP - Mike Dunleavy scored 17 points and the Golden State Warriors opened the preseason for new coach Mike Montgomery with a 97-79 win over the Sacramento Kings on Sunday night.
The fish with a 100/kg price on its head set to win protector The humphead wrasse provides some of Hong Kong #39;s most expensive fish dishes, which, in a city with a strong tradition of luxury dining, is saying something.
Yellow Jackets Roll The fourth-ranked Yellow Jackets use a 20-0 first-half run to bury Michigan early and cruise to a 99-68 triumph on Tuesday night.
Putin Arrives in India to Boost Business, Energy, Military Ties Russian President Vladimir Putin began a three-day visit to India on Friday, his first in two years, seeking to provide new momentum to an old friendship by expanding business, energy and traditional military ties, the Reuters news agency reports.
Manchester United shares rise on report duo may sell Shares in Manchester United Plc rose 3.1 percent after a newspaper report yesterday said the soccer club #39;s two biggest investors may sell their stake to billionaire Malcolm Glazer for 310 pence (\$5.
Toshiba Readies 60GB Gigabeat Toshiba will launch three new versions of its Gigabeat hard drive-based portable music player starting in late November, the company says.
A Cry for Justice Less than a month after the death of Northeast football player Jamahl Jones, prosecutors dropped charges against the four suspects, citing insufficient evidence after a preliminary autopsy.
US birdie assault seizes UBS Cup lead The United States team wasn #39;t able to stop the juggernaut that is the partnership of Colin Montgomerie and Bernhard Langer, but little else slowed it down in a record-setting
New Real coach confident of support New Real Madrid coach Mariano Garcia Remon is confident he will have the support of the players in his attempt to help the glittering soccer side recover from their disappointing start to the season.
IBM Halts Pension Plan for New Hires (Reuters) Reuters - IBM  will offer future\employees a 401(k) pension plan instead of a fixed pension, the\company said on Thursday, backing away from a controversial\policy that reduced retirement payouts and stirred employee\ire.
Infocus: Defeating Honeypots : Network issues, Part 1 The purpose of this paper is to explain how attackers behave when they attempt to identify and defeat honeypots, and is useful for security professionals to deploy honeypots in a more stealthy manner.
Iraqi election date thrown into fresh doubt Iraq #39;s elections were thrown into renewed doubt only days after the interim government won international backing for its decision to hold the poll at the end of January.
Wells Finalizes 2-Year Deal With Red Sox (AP) AP - David Wells could be back on the Yankee Stadium mound on opening day. With Pedro Martinez headed to the New York Mets and Curt Schilling's recovery from ankle surgery taking longer than expected, the Red Sox's newest acquisition might start the season opener against his former team at Yankee Stadium.
U.S. Army Aims to Halt Paperwork with IBM System  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - No more passing the buck.
Israel Pulls Back Forces in Northern Gaza (Reuters) Reuters - Israel pulled most of its\forces out of the northern Gaza Strip Saturday after a four-day\incursion it said was staged to halt Palestinian rocket attacks\on southern Israeli towns.
Sony to support MP3 Major strategy shift aims to help consumer electronics giant compete with Apple Computer and other rivals.
Afghan troops storm Kabul jail; eight killed KABUL -- Afghan troops stormed a notorious prison in a hail of gunfire and rocket-propelled grenades yesterday, ending a 10-hour standoff that began when four inmates once suspected of belonging to Al Qaeda tried to escape. Four inmates and four guards were killed in the day's violence.
Symbol, Proxim settle WLAN patent case Symbol Technologies and Proxim Corporation said Tuesday (Sept. 14) that they have settled a patent infringement case focusing on wireless LAN (WLAN)technology.
Google Security Holes Surface Company patches one search engine security flaw and is notified of another.
European Economies: German Institutes Expect Growth to Slow German economic growth will slow next year as foreign demand for goods and services cools and unemployment at a five-year high damps consumer spending, the country #39;s six leading economic research institutes said.
Germans grumpy 15 years after wall #39;s fall Germans marked a subdued 15th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall on Tuesday, with high unemployment in the formerly communist east and a sense in people #39;s
US Forces Bomb Baghdad #39;s Sadr City Iraqi hospital sources and witnesses say US forces carried out overnight airstrikes in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City neighborhood, killing at least two people and wounding more than 40 others.
ConocoPhillips Keeps Production Target  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said  it expects third-quarter crude oil and natural gas production  to be lower than in the second-quarter, but kept its full year  production forecast.
Explosions transport terror to usually tranquil beach sites Boaz Rafaeli had read the warning that Israeli security officials issued last month against travel to Egypt #39;s Sinai Peninsula, and he didn #39;t give it a second thought.
Pacers #39; Foster Activated From Injured List Indianapolis, IN -- Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster was activated from the injured list Tuesday. He had missed the first 17 games of the season after undergoing hip surgery in October.
Strong quake rocks north-east Taiwan A strong earthquake in the Pacific Ocean off Taiwan has rocked the island #39;s north-east, damaging buildings and injuring several people, according to officials.
DHL Sees Loss As FedEx, UPS Dominate Shares of United Parcel Service Inc. moved higher in trading Wednesday, while DHL Express appears not to be garnering the US market share it originally expected.
Branson Predicts Price War as Virgin Adds Sydney Flights Virgin will use Airbus A340-600 aircraft on the London-Sydney route, but plans to increase capacity by using Boeing 747s or adding a second daily service.
Checking In, Sir? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - This year Andrew Harper's Hideaway Report celebrates 25 years of grand deception. The popular newsletter's creator and editor in chief, whose real name is known but to God (and his wife), has paid his own way at thousands of hotels worldwide and published his impressions without fear or favor. We recently met him at a secure location in downtown Manhattan.
Ivory Coast Rebel Chief Brands Gbagbo War Criminal (Reuters) Reuters - Ivory Coast's rebel chief said on\Thursday he wanted President Laurent Gbagbo charged with war\crimes as the West African country's leader called on thousands\of foreigners who fled mob violence to return.
Criticism heaped on Caltrans as bridge costs spiral upward \$19 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Demolition of the 1927 span of the Carquinez Bridge, projected by Caltrans engineers to cost \$16 million, will likely climb to about \$35 million, according to a Bechtel Corp.
Price of heating oil in state surges The average price of heating oil in Massachusetts hit \$1.99 a gallon yesterday, the highest level for this time of year in at least a decade.
Broadband offers magical journey A 'magic carpet' to take children around the world is one of the projects that has won a community net award.
Myanmar leader on historic visit to India NEW DELHI: Myanmar #39;s military leader Gen Than Shwe has arrived in India on a six-day  quot;historic quot; state visit. This is the first such visit by Myanmar #39;s head of state in over 20 years.
Haiti Ex-Soldiers Seize Aristide #39;s Old Compound Some 100 former soldiers who helped lead a revolt against ousted Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide seized his abandoned residence on Wednesday and said they would make it their headquarters.
Expos move closer to DC Washington, DC (Sports Network) - Owners voted 29-1 on Friday to approve the proposed move of the Montreal Expos to Washington for the 2005 season.
India and Pakistan to set up a nuclear hotline India and Pakistan appear to have made some progress in a step-by-step peace process which began in January. Both countries have agreed to operationalise a nuclear hotline between their foreign secretaries as soon as possible.
Els Surges Into Lead Ernie Els shoots an 8-under 64 that gives him a two-shot lead over Todd Hamilton in the American Express Championship.
Sudan, UN agree on right of return of Darfur displaced The Sudanese government and the UN migration agency here Saturday signed an agreement ensuring right of return of Darfur displaced.
Perens hits out at Sun over OpenOffice Open source developers who contribute to OpenOffice should stop donating their code to Sun Microsystems, open source advocate Bruce Perens has urged.
Grim Picture of Gaza's Mayhem  GAZA CITY -- Jumaa Saqqa, a senior physician at Gaza's Shifa Hospital, shuffled through a thick stack of photographs like a deck of playing cards. These are cherished possessions -- pictures of friends and neighbors, babies and children, famous people, militants, elderly men and women. Occasionally his eyes lit up as if he'd found an ace, and he flipped the picture on the desk.
Egyptians Irked by Prisoner Swap Deal CAIRO, December 6 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Despite the Egyptian official denial of any deals behind the release of six Egyptian students detained in Israel and convicted Israeli spy Azzam Azzam, opposition figures and people lambasted what
Cisco's Fiscal 1Q Profit Jumps 29 Percent Cisco Systems Inc.'s fiscal first-quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant saw growth in its traditional routing markets as well as its emerging technologies like Internet telephone and home networking gear. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Urlacher not expected to play Sunday Lake Forest, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears standout linebacker Brian Urlacher has been downgraded to doubtful for Sunday #39;s game against Philadelphia.
IBM brand loyalty holds key for Lenovo Lenovo #39;s purchase of IBM #39;s PC business is such an unprecedented coup for a Chinese technology company that even some local journalists joined the cheers when it was announced on Wednesday.
On parade route, cash registers brace for workout Saturdays at Jack #39;s Drum Shop on Boylston Street are usually the slowest. But with the Red Sox victory parade passing by this morning, the shop will
The Crew of Halo 2 Meet the special-effects gods who created the most anticipated game of the year. By David Kushner from Wired magazine.
Woods near top of soaked NEC AKRON, OHIO - Tiger Woods was cruising at one of his favorite courses before a pair of dropped shots cost him a share of the lead at the weather-delayed WGC-NEC Invitational on Thursday.
Jeanne Makes Landfall Near Stuart, Fla. STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne sent wind and huge waves crashing ashore as it slammed into storm-weary Florida early Sunday, forcing thousands into shelters and tearing part of the roof from a hospital...
IBM Shares Up Despite Services Doubts (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of IBM  gained 4 percent\on Tuesday after the world's largest computer company posted\third-quarter results that marked a recovery from a weak\second-quarter performance, Wall Street commentators said.
FACTBOX-Bobby Robson factbox Following is a factbox on Bobby Robson who was sacked as Newcastle United manager on Monday. 1948: Signed as an apprentice with Middlesbrough, at the same time working at the local coal mine.
GOP Wants Bush to Draw Attention Off Iraq NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...
Russia offers to buy Canadian steel company Russian steel giant OAO Severstal on Tuesday made a formal takeover offer for Canadian #39;s insolvent Stelco Inc. which is in the midst of bankruptcy protection.
Thanou missed rendezvous with destiny But instead of replacing Marion Jones as Olympic 100 metres gold medallist, Thanou did not even take part in the Athens Games after missing two pre-Games drugs tests.
Thomson to Sell Media Unit to Investcorp for \$350 Mln (Update3) Thomson Corp., owner of the Westlaw legal-research and First Call financial data services, is selling 54 business publications including the Bond Buyer and American Banker for \$350 million to buyout firm Investcorp SA.
BA issues fuel cost warning as profit jumps to 335m British Airways #39; chief executive, Rod Eddington, warned yesterday that he was preparing for a long, hard winter as the high cost of fuel eats into the national flag carrier #39;s profits.
South Africa win Tri-nations title DURBAN, South Africa -- South Africa beat Australia 23-19 to regain the Tri-nations title after a five-year break. Percy Montgomery and wing Breyton Paulse received yellow cards which put the Springboks under
E-Voting to Face Major Test Tuesday Among the security concerns that have been raised is the possibility of someone being able to cast multiple ballots. Other concerns are about a sudden power outage and whether data would be lost in such a scenario.
Bid to avert new S Africa strikes South African unions and government officials meet to try and thrash out a pay deal, as more strikes loom next week.
Slowing house market quiets lending Mortgage lending has declined for the second consecutive month as a result of the slowing housing market, says the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
Where Are They Now? Remember some of the biggest winners from 1999? Yeah, Bill Mann forgot about a lot of them too.
Boston Expects Millions at Red Sox Parade (AP) AP - Because so many members of Red Sox Nation are expected in Boston on Saturday to celebrate the team's World Series triumph, the victory parade won't be making any stops and won't culminate with a staged rally, either.
Chaos continues in Gaza City Gunfire erupts near a potential Palestinian leader, though most doubt it was an assassination attempt. JERUSALEM - Gunmen in the Gaza Strip unleashed bursts of automatic-weapons fire Sunday near Yasser Arafat #39;s
Internet Explorer keeps losing market share Although Microsoft Corp. still dominates the Web browser space, its Internet Explorer continues to lose market share to open-source rival Mozilla.
'Longhorn' Delay Is Linux Gain (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Microsoft's omission of WinFS from the Longhorn version of Windows may open options for open-source competitors to the forthcoming operating system.
Myanmar frees 500 more prisoners told Reuters on Thursday it was simply taking time to bring people to Yangon from around the country. where she is without a telephone and requires military permission to meet visitors.
Circulation scandal cost grows for Tribune Co The cost of a circulation scandal at Tribune Co. #39;s Newsday and Hoy newspapers could be almost \$100 million. The Chicago-based company said Friday it would take a charge of \$45 million to \$60 million this quarter on top of \$35 million set aside in June.
Pentium 4 Reaches the Speed Limit As expected, Intel has introduced a 3.8GHz Pentium 4 processor in what could represent the end of an era for the chip maker. The Pentium 4 570 processor at 3.8GHz will have the fastest clock speed of any processor
Teammates unhappy with Bryant regime What were the Lakers thinking this summer when they let Kobe Bryant dictate whom the Lakers acquired in the offseason? Everyone knows that they were desperate to re-sign Bryant, but once you give
Saks to close 11 stores, affecting 700 jobs NEW YORK - Retailer Saks Inc. Friday said it will close its Saks Fifth Avenue upscale department stores in La Jolla and seven other locations and three of its lower-price Off 5th stores, affecting 700 jobs.
Household Survey Sees 100,000 Iraqi Deaths Researchers have estimated that as many as 100,000 more Iraqis - many of them women and children - died since the start of the US-led invasion of Iraq than would have been expected otherwise, based on the death rate before the war.
PREVIEW-Rugby-England #39;s Robinson era set for high-scoring start England begin the Robinson era on Saturday when coach Andy takes charge for the first time and new captain Jason leads the team out at Twickenham against Canada.
Red Sox introduce Renteria to Boston BOSTON -- A year ago, the anticipated press conference to herald the arrival of Nomar Garciaparras replacement at shortstop never happened.
US Blames Darfur Rebels for Latest Upsurge in Violence US officials are blaming Darfur rebels for this week #39;s renewed violence in the troubled region of western Sudan. The Sudanese government says more than 30 of its policemen have been killed in Darfur clashes since Monday.
Bush, Retailers Drop in Oil Prices Give Markets Boost Wall Street continued its post-election rally yesterday as oil prices dropped by more than \$2 a barrel and President Bush outlined plans for a second term.
No. 12 Mississippi St. 53, Fairfield 49 Mississippi State coach Rick Stansbury wouldn #39;t use the absence of Lawrence Roberts as an excuse for the 12th-ranked Bulldogs #39; close call against Fairfield on Thursday night in the opening round of the Coaches vs.
Russian Workers Rally for Higher Wages (AP) AP - Frustrated with meager salaries that have not kept pace with inflation, teachers, doctors and other state employees rallied Wednesday across Russia to demand higher wages.
Afghan Kidnappers Mull Fate of UN Hostages Afghan kidnappers holding three foreign United Nations workers hostage say they are now considering whether to kill, hold or release their captives.
SI.com ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- The Cincinnati Reds continue to find new ways to lose to the St. Louis Cardinals.
Colombia Leader Pardons 23 Jailed Rebels President Alvaro Uribe pardoned 23 jailed Marxist rebels Thursday as a goodwill gesture and said he hoped guerrilla leaders will respond by freeing hostages, though the leaders previously have said they would not reciprocate.
Bush Scraps Trade Embargo on Libya in WMD Reward (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Monday formally\ended the broad U.S. trade embargo on Libya to reward it for\giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place some\U.S. terrorism-related sanctions.
ABS Awesome 6500 The Awesome 6500 is the first PC we #39;ve seen from ABS to be built around Intel #39;s new 925X Express chip set, which lets the 6500 use the PCI Express bus and the latest 533-MHz DDR2 dual-channel memory.
Six dead as Nepal rebels vow to step up blockade KATHMANDU : Maoist rebels who have cut off Nepal #39;s capital for four days pledged to expand their blockade to the Tibetan border as fresh violence left six people dead.
BEA meets lowered expectations for Q2 Though BEA Systems signed 18 licensing deals worth \$1 million and added 488 new customers during the quarter, licensing revenue dropped to \$116.3 million.
Mukesh replies in the name of the father MUMBAI, NOVEMBER 22 : Five days after rattling the markets and corporate India with his statement on TV about ownership issues in the Rs 99,000-crore Reliance group, Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani did some damage control on Monday.
High expectations prompt talk of Arsenal crisis If there is a crisis at Arsenal then nobody has told manager Arsene Wenger. In a miserable fortnight, the English champions have had their record unbeaten league
Car bomb kills 2 south of Baghdad BAGHDAD A car bomb exploded in a town south of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing two people and wounding 10, the latest in a spate of attacks that have killed some 150 people in the last four days.
Foulke unfazed by flops Keith Foulke isn't going to forget the last two nights anytime soon, but he won't be dwelling on them either.
Van Nistelrooy Answers Ferguson With Four More Goals in Europe Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson said he had high hopes #39; #39; for Ruud Van Nistelrooy before yesterday #39;s Champions League game against Sparta Prague.
History promises memorable Chennai encounter Over the years, the ground has produced some of the most endearing moments between the two countries. In the 1969-70 series, the match produced a shoot-out between two of the best post-war
Vonage talks of 911 advancements In Rhode Island, will there be an answer to a major problem for the Internet phone industry?\
NFL Wrap: Manning Wins MVP Battle as Colts Beat Titans Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co-MVP Steve McNair as the Indianapolis Colts beat the Tennessee Titans 31-17 at Nashville on Sunday.
US Trade Deficit No Cause for Alarm-Evans (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Commerce Secretary Don Evans on\Tuesday brushed off financial market concerns about America's\massive trade deficit and stressed that a recent sharp uptick\was fueled in part by surging energy prices.
Montgomerie Multi-Tasks in Europe's Cause  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Colin Montgomerie is  playing team leader, confidant and chief cheerleader to  Europe's Ryder Cup squad this week -- and he is thriving on the  challenge.
England to go full-strength against Wales LONDON: Rio Ferdinand, Wayne Rooney and Sol Campbell returned to the England fold as coach Sven-Goran Eriksson named his squad on Sunday for World Cup qualifiers against Wales and Azerbaijan.
Nortel probe one of Canada #39;s biggest In what will be one of Canada #39;s largest white-collar crime investigations, the RCMP will assign as many as two dozen officers and forensic accountants to the criminal investigation of Nortel Networks Corp., a source familiar ...
The Times Sells Its Headquarters to a Developer of Office Space Tishman Speyer Properties signed a contract Sunday night to buy the current home of The New York Times Company in Times Square for \$175 million and convert it to an office building.
Kroger's Profit Up, But Price Cuts Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co., the top U.S. grocer, on  Tuesday posted a 29 percent rise in quarterly profit due to  cost controls, but price cuts to lure shoppers caused earnings  to miss Wall Street estimates and shares fell.
Opera Browser - Firefox Not the Only IE Alternative Opera Browser - Firefox Not the Only IE Alternative\\Security flaws have long plagued Internet Explorer (IE), the market-dominating web browser from Microsoft. IE won the early browser wars, not only because it was free and bundled with Windows, but because it had some features and capabilities that its only real ...
Intel Pushes Dual-Core Tech to Mainstream Intel is on track to introduce work-sharing dual-core processors across all its product lines by the end of next year. The technology is part of a strategy shift at Intel away from processor speed and toward performance.
Iraq, Afghanistan seek continued aid NEW YORK-The Iraqi and Afghan leaders both asked Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to continue assisting their war-ravaged countries, Japanese officials said Tuesday.
Sony Announces PlayStation Portable Price The PlayStation Portable, or PSP, goes on sale in Japan on December 12th. Prices for the United States and Europe are still undecided, although overseas sales are
Microsoft Tests MSN Messenger 7.0 A select group of testers next week will get an early look at MSN Messenger 7.0, the next version of Microsoft #39;s popular instant messaging client.
Federer pulls out of Paris Masters Roger Federer will miss next week #39;s Paris Masters with a torn left thigh, making Andy Roddick the tournament #39;s No. 1-seeded player.
Greek heroes quit Games ATHENS All of Greece expected to see Costas Kenteris crowning its Games with a laurel wreath on his brow, his barrel chest swelling in his blue and white athletic singlet, atop the podium in the Olympic Stadium after successfully defending his 200- meter ...
To get or not to get Windows XP Service Pack 2? That is the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The talk in the computer world seems to be whether or not to get Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Service Pack 2. Both sides of the argument offer pros and cons as to whether or not computer users should proceed with this upgrade.
AMD reflects on progress, Dell possibilities SUNNYVALE, CALIFORNIA - Executives at Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) painted a much different picture of the chip maker than in recent years during a briefing for analysts and reporters Friday at the company's headquarters in Sunnyvale, California.
Update 5: Tokyo Stocks Fall, Dollar Higher Tokyo stocks slid Friday for a sixth straight session as concerns about rising oil prices and Wall Street #39;s overnight weakness combined to knock Japanese blue chips lower.
Mets Will Consider Leyland if He's Interested Jim Leyland has indicated that he is interested in managing again. He just might not be interested in managing the Mets.
Stocks to Watch Wednesday  The drug company's experimental treatment for Alzheimer's  failed to prove effective in a big clinical trial. The stock  closed Tuesday at \$45.85 on the New York Stock Exchange before  falling 10 percent in after-hours trading following release of  the trial results.
A Daily Look at U.S. Military Iraq Deaths (AP) AP - As of Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2004, at least 1,103 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 846 died as a result of hostile action, according to the Defense Department. The figures include three military civilians.
British Guantanamo Detainee Alleges Abuse from Jail (Reuters) Reuters - A British detainee at Guantanamo Bay\said in a letter revealed Friday he was tortured and abused\during detention, in what is believed to be the first such\claim to come from inside the prison.
All Political Roads Lead to Florida's I-4 Corridor (Reuters) Reuters - Every day, an army of campaigners\fans out across central Florida's "I-4 corridor" in search of\suburban moms, transplanted Puerto Ricans, teenagers and any\other potential voter wavering between John Kerry and George W.\Bush.
A Goal Is Met. What's Next? In the coming weeks, the U.S. and Iraq's government must still combat a resilient and dangerous insurgency outside Falluja.
Adobe Beats 3Q Estimates; Shares Rise Shares of Adobe Systems Inc. rose more than 3 percent in the extended session after the software company reported better-than-expected third-quarter profit.
Americans early risers, but get rude awakening BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- Whatever magic they had found in the morning dew yesterday, they lost in the afternoon shadows at Oakland Hills Country Club. And so a heralded US Ryder Cup team finds itself in need of a miracle finish even grander than the one it scripted in 1999.
Rocco and his brothers Jos Manuel Barroso, president-designate of the European commission, has a crisis on his hands. The former Portuguese prime minister won plaudits in the summer for picking his Brussels team without bending to the will of powerful EU governments.
Linux hurricane sinking SCO SPEAKING AT the Etre conference in Cannes, the darling of the IT industry and president and CEO of SCO, Darl McBride warned everyone in sight about the risk of not protecting their intellectual property from open source  quot;bandits quot; -or so the journos that
Curfew in protest-hit Afghan city A curfew is put on the Afghan city of Herat after protests at the sacking of its former governor, TV reports say.
Fannie Mae Pays the Price of Cutting Corners to Look Safe Fannie Mae wanted to look very safe. But to do that it cut accounting corners, two regulatory agencies have now concluded. And that has severely damaged the image of the mortgage lender and its management.
Wounded Mexican police appear day after 9 people found shot near &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two federal police agents were discovered wounded but alive on Friday near Cancun, a day after nine other people in the area were found slain in what appeared to be drug-related violence.
Cambodian prince to implore King not to step down Cambodia #39;s Prince Norodom Ranariddh left on Saturday for Beijing to implore his ailing father, the king, to reverse his decision to abdicate.
The 57bn pensions black hole MILLIONS face working an extra five years and saving more for their retirement to plug a 57bn pensions black hole, a report will warn tomorrow.
Eagles Clobber Vikings 27-16 PHILADELPHIA - Donovan McNabb didn't need much of Terrell Owens on Monday night. Daunte Culpepper could have used a lot more of Randy Moss...
IBM, AMD develop new use of strained silicon IBM and Advanced Micro Devices(AMD) have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, the companies are expected to announce Monday.
Panel Recommends Sharp Cuts in Fish Stocks (AP) AP - Catches of cod and other fish stocks must be drastically reduced or even stopped in the North Sea to help populations recover from years of overfishing, an independent expert panel said Monday.
SMART-1 arrives at the Moon It #39;s been a long trip, but Europe #39;s first Moon mission is finally nearing its goal. SMART-1, launched by the European Space Agency (ESA) way back on 27 September 2003, will go into orbit around the Moon on 15 November.
IOC Joins Steroid Inquiry Involving Marion Jones The International Olympic Committee joined the investigation yesterday into allegations that Marion Jones, the American gold-medal sprinter, had used anabolic steroids and other illegal bodybuilding drugs.
Oil Prices Rise for Second Day in a Row  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rose for the second day in  a row on Thursday with an Arctic blast forecast to hit the  United States next week, ramping up demand for heating fuels.
Potential \$340M Teflon settlement The DuPont Co. agreed to a settlement potentially worth more than \$340 million Thursday to resolve allegations the chemical giant contaminated drinking water in West Virginia
Violence Across Iraq Kills 12 Iraqi officials say at least 12 people were killed and 16 wounded in more incidents of violence across the country Wednesday. They say 10 people were killed and six wounded in an exchange of gunfire between
IMF, World Bank Warn of Imbalances Although the economy as a whole is in its best shape in three decades, improved growth is threatened by disparities between wealthy nations and the developing world as well as rising oil prices.
Chad, US-Malaysian Oil Group Disagree Chad will appoint auditors to investigate oil production by a US-Malaysia consortium after President Idriss Deby #39;s office accused the companies of cheating Africa #39;s newest oil producer out of much-needed foreign currency, an official said Friday.
Opera Lands on Windows Mobile (PC World) PC World - Alternative browser will be available on portable devices running Microsoft's OS.
Yankees Rally to Win Game 2 Over Twins NEW YORK - Alex Rodriguez hit a tying double in the 12th inning, then Derek Jeter dashed home on Hideki Matsui's sacrifice fly and the Yankees bailed out Mariano Rivera with another improbable postseason comeback, beating Minnesota 7-6 Wednesday night to even their series at a game apiece.    The Yankees responded with a championship-caliber rally after falling behind in the 12th on Torii Hunter's home run...
Astros Bullpen Blows It Late - Again (AP) AP - Brad Lidge spent much of the seventh and eighth innings warming up in the bullpen, ready to take his place on the mound.
Students Follow the Music to Apple Laptops Jefferson Graham writes for USA Today,  #147;Apple #146;s trendy iPod digital music player, which has revitalized the company, is giving laptop sales a boost during back-to-school season. Many students, after falling in love with the iPod, are packing for college with new Apple Macintosh computers. #148; Aug 23
In Paris, a slick maneuver tries to lure tourists to Eiffel Tower PARIS -- Holiday on ice takes on new meaning high above the rooftops of Paris doing figure eights inside the Eiffel Tower.
Mobility #8217;s end game (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - It #8217;s like the browser wars all over again: Two vendors are battling to win the hearts, minds, and debit cards of users and developers. The browser wars were really platform wars, based on the assumption that the browser would be the nexus through which users would access data inside and outside their company #8217;s walls. The battle hymn is sounding once more, only this time it #8217;s a ring tone. I #8217;ll get to the connection between the browser wars and the enterprise mobility race at the end.
A giant step for humanoids THE discovery by Australian scientists on the Indonesian island of Flores of an entirely new humanoid species - colloquially dubbed  quot;hobbits quot; because of their diminutive stature -uts a new piece in place in the long scientific mission to understand
Radcliffe avenges Athens How something so elephantine can be so simultaneously light on its feet is a mystery. But maybe the New York City Marathon can be explained a bit by Paula Radcliffe #39;s presence yesterday.
Flaw Makes Bike Locks Easy to Crack Kryptonite, stung by revelations that some of its bicycle locks can be pried open with nothing more than the hull of a ballpoint pen, offered to provide free upgrades to customers who purchased the vulnerable locks.
Ants Form Supercolony Spanning 60 Miles (AP) AP - Normally clannish and agressive Argentine ants have become so laid back since arriving in Australia decades ago that they no longer fight neighboring nests and have formed a supercolony here that spans 60 miles, scientists say.
Texas rides cycle Mark Teixeira became the second player in Rangers history -- and first in more than 19 years -- to hit for the cycle, leading host Texas to a 16-4 rout of the Cleveland Indians last night.
Black moves to privatise Hollinger Black was charged with fraud yesterday by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), accusing him of using the company as, what they termed, his personal piggy bank.
FireFox Up 34 Use of FireFox climbed a staggering 34 percent in November, reports WebSideStory, a web analytics company. The report comes just hours after FireFox 1.0, the browser #39;s first official version release, reached its 10 millionth download.
Microsoft Windows-Linux Comparison Found to be Unfair A Microsoft ad saying that Linux was 10 times more expensive than Windows has been found to be an unfair advert in the UK. The UK #39;s Advertising Standards Authority
Canada #39;s Bombardier fires chief executive Yesterday #39;s immediate dismissal of Paul Tellier is a move analysts say increases investor uncertainty over the company #39;s direction.
Determined Davenport reclaims world number one spot American second seed Lindsay Davenport became the WTA #39;s new world No. 1 following her 6-4, 6-2 win over Dinara Safina of Russia in the second round of the \$2.
Oil Prices Edge Up Toward \$48 a Barrel  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices edged up toward \$48 a  barrel early on Friday as worries that an early or severe  winter could stress low winter fuel stocks helped staunch the  market's \$8 tumble from record highs.
Palestinians ask Israel to withdraw before election Palestinian officials are urging Israel to curb military operations as they begin to register candidates to run in an election to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian Authority president.
Lights out for Maroth, 4-1 Mike Maroth #39;s bid for a .500 season got lost in the lights of Comerica Park on Friday night. Maroth (11-13) was locked in a scoreless pitching duel with Tampa Bay Devil Rays right-hander Rob
Wolves appoint Hoddle Former England boss Glenn Hoddle has been appointed manager of Wolverhampton Wanderers, the club says. Hoddle, who has been out of management since being sacked by Tottenham Hotspur in September
Nonprofit officer arrested in thefts Police had been hunting Scott Pfiel, a former director of Meals on Wheels Chicago, for months when they finally found their theft suspect -- holding down a high-profile job at an Indianapolis nonprofit.
Equitable makes  #39;steady progress #39; Troubled mutual insurer Equitable Life says it is making  quot;steady and sustained progress quot; to restore its finances. Publishing its half-yearly results, the society said there had been  quot;no material change quot; in its capital reserve, now standing at 532m.
It's All in His Head Much of place kicker Nick Novak's success throughout his career can be attributed to mental preparation.
Kodak, Sun Settle Java Lawsuit Eastman Kodak Co. and Sun Microsystems Inc. have settled their lawsuit over whether Sun infringed on Kodak #39;s patents in creating the Java platform.
MLB reduces suspensions for three Texas pitchers Arlington, TX (Sports Network) - The three Texas Rangers relievers involved in last Monday #39;s altercation with fans in Oakland had their suspension reduced one game each by the league Wednesday.
US tightens its grip on Mosul US and Iraqi forces recaptured police stations in the northern Iraqi town of Mosul yesterday as violence sweeping across the Sunni tribal areas claimed 20 more Iraqi lives.
European Soccer to Investigate Racism (AP) AP - European soccer authorities opened an investigation into racist abuse by Spanish fans at this week's Champions League game.
Penny for Your Thoughts A  tiny 100 electrode chip was implanted in a 24-year-old quadriplegic's brain in June of this year. He's now able to send email and play videogames using only his thoughts. The whole package is dubbed BrainGate.
Sony Unveils High-Definition Video Camcorder TOKYO (AP) -- Japanese electronics and entertainment giant Sony Corp. (SNE) plans to begin selling a camcorder designed for consumers that takes video at digital high-definition quality and is being priced at about \$3,600...
Computer game simulates JFK assassination A computer game that allows users to play the role of Kennedy assassin Lee Harvey Oswald was released Monday by Traffic Games, a Scottish software company.
Germany Cuts D.Telekom Stake  FRANKFURT/LONDON Oct 11 (Reuters) - Germany sold a 6.3  percent stake in phone operator Deutsche Telekom on Monday,  raising up to 4.5 billion euros (\$5.6 billion) to help it curb  a burgeoning budget deficit.
If HAL the Computer Audited Your Expenses New software helps corporate travel managers track down business travelers who overspend. But it also poses a dilemma for honest travelers who are only trying to save money.
Cypriot protests after Israeli jets force airliner into flight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LARNACA, Cyprus, Oct 5 (AFP) - The Cypriot authorities issued a strong protest Tuesday after Israeli warplanes forced a German airliner into their flight control zone without prior authorization amid a bomb alert.
Women in Business Face the  #39;Glass Cliff #39; Women are increasingly breaking though the glass ceiling to get seats on company boards but only to find themselves teetering on the edge of the glass cliff, a leading psychologist said on Monday.
Top 25 roundup: Purdue ends long Irish streak Purdue senior quarterback Kyle Orton demolished both a secondary and a streak as he led the 15th-ranked Boilermakers to a 41-16 victory over Notre Dame (3-2).
CRPF jawan runs amok, kills 7 colleagues in Baramulla JAMMU, Nov. 28. - In a fit of anger after he was punished, a CRPF jawan shot dead seven of his colleagues before getting killed in retaliatory fire at the base camp of the 152 battalion of the CRPF in Baramulla, north Kashmir, late last night.
Russians Defeat NHLers Captials prospect Alexander Ovechkin leads five different goalscorers as Russian edges the touring NHL World Stars, 5-4, in Moscow on Saturday.
American Express to eliminate 2,500 jobs in restructuring New York (Dow Jones) -- American Express Co. said Friday it will cut 2,000 jobs, or 2.5 percent of its work force, in a restructuring designed to save more than \$75 million a year before taxes.
Smart Web - Looking Into the Future Alexander Linden, a prominent Gartner Research analyst will be talking about the future later this week in Cannes, France. Smart Web was held ahead of this week #39;s ITXpo symposium, an annual event held to identify the future of technology.
Opec vows to open the taps to cool down runaway oil prices Kuwait would back a hike of 1 million barrels per day (bpd) in Opec #39;s oil output ceiling if crude prices remained at record levels, it said yesterday in a move
Computer Sciences Sells DynCorp Units Computer Sciences Corp. is selling parts of Reston-based DynCorp it acquired last year, saying the units, which provide security to foreign leaders and train international police, do not fit with its information technology focus.
A clashing combination David Ortiz, still champagne-scented, was watching Saturday's decisive playoff game between the Yankees and Twins with a friend. Up stepped Ruben Sierra, who'd been 1 for 20 in the series, to clock a three-run homer and tie the game in the eighth.  quot;Here they come, quot; the Red Sox slugger said. Did anyone from Eastport to Block Island expect anything else?
England restrict South Africa to 273/7 Matthew Hoggard and Andrew Flintoff claimed three wickets each as England restricted South Africa to 273 for seven on day one of the First Test in Port Elizabeth on Friday.
Afghan Kidnappings Prompt Big Security Review (Reuters) Reuters - The abduction of three foreign election\workers in Afghanistan could force aid groups to reduce their\international staff in a country that just finished counting\votes in its first direct presidential election.
Humans May Double the Risk of Heat Waves Human activity has at least doubled the risk of heat waves like the one in 2003 that killed thousands in Europe, researchers conclude in a study being published today in the scientific journal Nature.
Black box missing as investigators look into cause of China plane &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (AFP) - Investigators in China are searching for clues as to the cause of a plane crash that killed 54 people, but after more than 24 hours of efforts they have still not located the crucial black box.
Web services for your TiVo? Web services are becoming increasingly popular for linking software programs. Now, Microsoft and some other big companies are pitching the technology as a way to manage everything from big corporate servers to mobile phones.
Wall Street Fears an Undecided Election (Reuters) Reuters - The doubts, the uncertainty, the\mud-slinging that have kept investors indecisive all year are\set to end one week from Tuesday when U.S. voters go to the\polls.
Golf:  #39;Teeth-gnashing inquests #39; put Harrington on track COLOGNE - Padraig Harrington led the way in the German Masters first round yesterday, as Europe #39;s Ryder Cup players warmed up for next week #39;s match against the United States.
FCC Asks Supreme Court To Rule on Broadband The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has asked the Supreme Court to hear an appeal that could determine whether cable broadband providers can be forced to open their networks to other Internet providers.
Dell pulls away from HP AUSTIN, Texas _ Dell Inc. expanded its share of the personal-computer market in the third quarter, taking advantage of its traditionally strong commercial sales in the period to extend its lead over rival Hewlett-Packard Co.
UTC raises its offer for Kidde and gets closer to 1.4bn deal Kidde moved a step closer yesterday to being bought by America #39;s United Technologies, which increased its offer for the UK fire extinguisher maker to 1.39bn.
Ace 3Q Falls on Storm Payouts Ace Ltd., one of four insurers named in connection with an investigation into bid-rigging at Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., on Tuesday gave investors another bout of bad news after reporting third-quarter results fell to a loss due to storms that struck during
Honda sales hit record but strong yen limits profit growth TOKYO (AFP) - Japan #39;s third-ranked automaker Honda Motor said sales hit a record high in the six months to September but the profit performance was undercut by a stronger yen while record oil prices are a problem going forward, especially in the key US
New Crew Sets Off for Space Station A rocket carrying two Russian cosmonauts and an American astronaut to the international space station streaked into orbit on Thursday, the latest flight of a Russian space vehicle to fill in for grounded US shuttles.
England: Bolton too strong for Newcastle BOLTON, Oct 31 (SW) - Bolton Wanderers keep on impressing in the English Premier League, giving Newcastle United their third defeat of the season on Sunday.
1 killed in car bombs in northern Iraq Two car bombs detonated in Iraqi northern city of Mosul on Monday, killing one Iraqi person and wounding two others, security officials said.
Singapore selldown of Air NZ well anticipated by market Singapore International Airline #39;s (SIA) selldown of its 6.3 per cent stake in Air New Zealand, announced yesterday, seems to have been well anticipated by the sharemarket.
Morgan Still Eyeing Reds Despite Hollywood Interest Millionaire building tycoon Steve Morgan still wants to buy into Liverpool despite fresh speculation of US interest in the club. Morgan, the clubs third largest shareholder, was
Being on sideline isn't sitting well with Pettitte The Astros lifted a 42-year-old hex when they eliminated the Braves Monday night and advanced past the first round of the playoffs for the first time in franchise history. Houston lifers such as Craig Biggio and Jeff Bagwell were finally liberated from years of postseason futility, but former Yankee Andy Pettitte, already the owner of four World ...
British Muslim Charged With Inciting To Kill Jews A Muslim leader in the United Kingdom, Abu Hamza Al-Masri, was charged in a British court yesterday with a variety of crimes, including 10 counts of soliciting murder, specifically, of Jews and other non-Muslims, as well as racist incitement and terrorism
Report Seeks Open Access Research Policy (AP) AP - Restricting access to scientific information about dangerous germs is more likely to hamper legitimate researchers than to prevent terrorists from using the data for attacks, a leading scientist warned.
Four more hits! Four more hits! The lighter side of Ichiro Suzuki emerged Tuesday night after he moved into a tie for second place on the Major League all-time single-season hit list.
Galley doesn't expect a sympathetic reaction Back in the fall of 1994, National Hockey League training camps opened on time, only to close down when the owners and the Players Association failed to reach a collective bargaining agreement. Ultimately, the season was shortened to 48 games. Back then, there was a different kind of unease, as well as a lack of experience with -- and preparedness ...
Women #39;s Golf: Jackson Leads Safeway Classic Ladies Professional Golf Association tour rookie Brandi Jackson of the United States has the lead heading into Saturday #39;s second round of the 54-hole Safeway Classic in Portland, Oregon.
Symonds philosophical after tough race in Japan Engineering director Pat Symonds was philosophical after a disappointing result at Suzuka  and is looking forward to Brazil with renewed determination.
Coach: Game a rite of passage Tennessee offensive lineman Cody Douglas says Phillip Fulmer had a message for his players prior to the Alabama game last season. Last year he told us you #39;re not a man till you #39;ve beaten Alabama, #39; #39; Douglas said.
Click, and the Deals Arrive at the Doorstep Now that all the holiday presents have been opened, it is time to do some real shopping  for the home, from the home.
Niners #39; coach taking mental beating in nightmare season SANTA CLARA, Calif. - During the San Francisco 49ers #39; bye week, Dennis Erickson wants his players to get as far away as possible from their burgeoning disaster of a season.
Turkey Pushes Ahead With Improvements (AP) AP - Turkey will push to improve its democracy and human rights record regardless of whether European Union leaders decide in December to begin membership talks with Ankara, the government said Monday.
Money-Saving Energy Tips From "This Old House" Pro It's easy to cut costs by using less energy in your home, says &lt;I&gt;This Old House&lt;/I&gt; TV personality Tom Silva. The long-time contractor shares tips on how you can do it.
Three Years Since I left work on September 10th at 9:00 PM. An hour before, my coworker was getting nervous. She was leaving on a trip to Italy on the 12th and wanted to meet me at 8:30 AM on the 11th to go over what projects of hers I needed to steer in her absence. I rolled my eyes and complained that no one schedules meetings at 8:30 in the morning, and convinced her to postpone the meeting to 10:00 AM.
Intel is testing long-range wireless chip Intel, the world #39;s largest chip maker, said on Tuesday that it had started providing customers with test versions of chips for equipment that will allow long-range wireless high-speed Internet surfing.
Home Depot raises view as profit tops estimates ATLANTA, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. (HD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported a 19 percent rise in second-quarter profit, handily topping estimates, as store renovations and efforts to improve service drove higher ...
Computing  #39;falls short BERKELEY, Calif. (CBS.MW) -- The computing problems to be solved in the next two decades will be more exciting than those that already have been solved, according to Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates.
MPAA to Sue Over Movie File Sharing The movie industry announced Thursday it will file its first wave of lawsuits later this month against those it alleges are illegally sharing copyrighted films on the Internet, joining the music industry in its fight against piracy. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Afghanistan releases Taliban prisoners Hundreds of Pakistanis who have fought alongside the Taliban against US-led forces have been released from an Afghan jail. The 368 prisoners, the last of more than 2500 Pakistanis captured during the overthrow
Els controls nerves and course HARD to believe of a man who has won three major championships, been in the shake-up at numerous others and has been ranked among the worlds best for nearly a decade, but Ernie Els still gets nervous before a round of tournament golf.
Hijackers surrender in Athens bus standoff ATHENS -- Two armed Albanian hijackers surrendered and released their hostages early today, 18 hours after seizing a bus in an Athens suburb and threatening to blow it up if authorities did not pay a ransom.
Intel sees big changes to the net The net must be changed to help it cope with what the future holds for it, according to chip maker Intel. In a keynote speech at an Intel conference, chief technology officer Pat Gelsinger said new uses for
OPEC: Group Doing All It Can To Stabilize Oil Prices OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro highlighted the impact of the current high oil prices, saying the direct contribution of the increase in global oil prices to the economic slowdown
Friendster, Eurekster Team Up for Personalized Search Friendster has rolled out a new internet search service powered by Eurekster that taps into your online social network to personalize and enhance search results.
Bomb kills 11 soldiers in Kashmir SRINAGAR -- A roadside bomb blew up an army patrol car in a predawn attack today in disputed Kashmir, killing an army major and 10 other men, police said. The blast in Wachi village, located 40 miles south of Srinagar, left a 10-foot wide crater in the road, police officer Imtiyaz Ahmed said. No one immediately claimed responsibility, but police ...
Economists: Mortgage rates will help sustain home demand despite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US home prices at record levels don #39;t signal a national price  #39; #39;bubble #39; #39; because low mortgage rates and prospects for improved job growth will help sustain demand, housing-industry economists said.
Tennis: Dent Advances in China Open Seventh seed Taylor Dent of the United States has eased past Australian Peter Luczak in the first round of the rain-interrupted China Open at the Beijing Tennis Center.
Winning the big moments The final frontier has been conquered and Australia return home wondering about the location of their next great challenge. The only serious blemish came in the final Test when their susceptibility to fourth-innings chases was again exposed.
EU steps up Burma sanctions Foreign ministers extended an EU-wide travel ban on high-ranking Burmese officers after finding the military leadership had failed to improve its human rights record.
Reversal Gives Peirsol Gold; Phelps Wins 200 IM THENS, Aug. 29  Swimming #39;s technique critic came in for some criticism of his own tonight in the shark tank disguised as the Olympic pool. But all #39;s well that ends well on the medal stand and, despite being disqualified shortly ...
IPod Helps Lift Apple #39;s Fourth-Quarter Profit Apple Computer Inc. reported yesterday that profit in its fourth fiscal quarter jumped 140 percent from the comparable quarter last year.
Sun blaze Magic 121-100 BEIJING, Dec. 14 -- The Phoenix Suns continued to blaze brightly as they beat Orlando Magic 121-100 and kept their leading position at the NBA.
With Zook ousted, talk turns to Spurrier Most of the citizens of Gator Nation hungrily devoured the juicy piece of news yesterday morning: The University of Florida fired its beleaguered football coach, Ron Zook.
Tech Stocks at 7-Month High as Oil Drops The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite stock index rose to a 7-month high on Thursday as crude oil prices tumbled, alleviating worry that high energy costs will erode corporate profits.
Buzz Was Big, but Mount St. Helens Eruption Wasn't Mount St. Helens's small explosion, predicted for several days and posing no imminent danger to people in the region, was greeted with jaw-dropping delight by many.
JVC Creates Environmentally Sound DVD Victor Co. of Japan said today it has succeeded in manufacturing an environmentally friendly DVD with a special plastic synthesized from corn starch.
Dollar Rallies Against Major Currencies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rocketed higher on  Wednesday as investors took a break from worrying about the  U.S. current account deficit and focused on relative interest  rates, which increasingly were expected to favor the dollar.
Hewitt advances to third round Top seeded Lleyton Hewitt rallied to a 6-0, 3-6, 6-1 win over Japan #39;s Gouichi Motomura yesterday in the second round of the Japan Open.
2,500-Year-Old Pomegranate Found in Greece ATHENS, Greece - A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
Hackers use old tricks to sting business More than half of the latest vulnerabilities to IT systems are commonly identified loopholes that organisations have failed to fix, since discovering them last year.
BEA veterans launch new approach to open source services The former head of Microsoft Corp #39;s Windows business has given his financial backing to SourceLabs Inc, a new open source support and services firm set up by former executives at BEA Systems Inc.
AP: Air Pollution a Top Priority for Bush (AP) AP - President Bush will make air pollution a top priority in Congress early next year, starting with "an aggressive push" to build support for his pollution-cutting plan, senior administration officials said Saturday.
Federer struggles through US Open champion Roger Federer has begun his quest for a 10th 2004 title with a win in the first round of the Thailand Open. Stepping out for the first time since adding the Flushing Meadows Grand Slam title
Arafat family to get medical file on cause of death PARIS, Nov 18 (AFP) - Family members of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat are preparing a request to obtain medical files detailing his illness and cause of death, which France will grant, the French defense ministry announced Thursday.
Insurgent assault feared in Baghdad Insurgents fought US troops in running street battles in the capital Saturday, assassinated three Iraqi officials and their driver, and detonated a car bomb in Baghdad #39;s Liberation
Hitachi, NEC Form Switch Venture By eWEEK Staff. Hitachi Ltd. and NEC Corp. said Thursday that the two companies have established a joint venture specializing in the production of routers and switches.
Rumor site pictures Photo iPod for holidays A Mac news site says iPods with digital cameras built in may be under Christmas trees this year.
New iMacs take design cues from iPod Apple Computer #39;s new line of iMacs, which goes on sale later this month, gives the company #39;s diehard fans several reasons to upgrade, including a big speed boost and more affordable prices.
OPEC Warns Oil Supply Cuts Needed for 2005  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers said Thursday that  Friday's ministerial meeting would rein in oversupply to  bolster falling prices and that the cartel would have to reduce  output quotas early next year.
Basketball: U.S. Women Win Again, Greece Qualify  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States ran their preliminary  round record to a perfect 5-0 with a 100-62 drubbing of China  at the women's Olympic basketball tournament on Sunday,  remaining on course for a third consecutive gold medal.
Birds Not Being Killed by Wind Farms -Ecologist (Reuters) Reuters - Two major offshore wind farms in Denmark\are giving the lie to fears that birds are being killed by\flying into the huge vanes of such installations, a conference\heard on Thursday.
Phelps on way to great 8 That #39;s the goal now, with two events remaining in what already has been a grueling Olympic schedule for this 19-year-old US swimming star.
No. 12 Calif. Beats N. Mexico St 41-14 (AP) AP - J.J. Arrington ran for 177 yards and three touchdowns, and Aaron Rodgers completed 19 of 26 passes for 260 yards and two scores in No. 12 California's 41-14 victory over New Mexico State on Saturday.
eBay pulls carpet from under cheesy miracle The folk at eBay were unbelievers in the cheesy miracle: one half of a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich, the owner of which claimed it bore the image of the Virgin Mary.
Wannstedt was one of the good guys Almost every single week I spend Monday morning reading the papers, watching TV and talking to my wife -- who is a great football fan.
Oil Up as Ivan Threatens U.S. Facilities &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices climbed on Monday as\companies operating in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico braced for\output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.&lt;/p&gt;
IAEA: Confidence in Iran #39;s Nuclear Program Has Eroded The International Atomic Energy Agency says Iran has exempted some centrifuges from its commitment to freeze uranium enrichment and lacks trustworthiness because of past concealment and delays in disclosing information.
Conrad Black charged with fraud in US The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed filed civil fraud charges against both Lord Conrad Black and his former deputy at Hollinger International, David Radler.
Celtic stretches Scottish lead to seven pts. Celtic stretched its lead to seven points in Scotland #39;s Premier League, beating Kilmarnock 2-1 Saturday on goals by Aidan McGeady and a penalty from Alan Thompson.
Perot Systems: Peter Altabef new CEO SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Perot Systems Corp. said Friday it has named Peter Altabef president and CEO and Ross Perot Jr., who previously held those titles, as board chairman.
New NASA Spacecraft Moves One Step Closer to Fall Launch NASA -- NASA is planning to launch the Demonstration of Autonomous Rendezvous Technology (DART) flight demonstrator no earlier than Oct. 26, 2004, from Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif...
Burundi police fire tear gas at massacre protest Police in Burundi #39;s capital Bujumbura fired tear gas at crowds today, protesting against the massacre of at least 160 Congolese Tutsis at a UN refugee camp in the west of the country.
Former team-mates predict mixed fortunes for Gascoigne PAUL Gascoigne, who won 57 England caps, finds himself at yet another career crossroads following his resignation yesterday as player/coach of Boston United.
AT amp;T Lowers Price on Internet Calling Service AT amp;T Corp (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it was lowering the price on its CallVantage Internet calling service by \$5 per month, matching the price from several other suppliers.
Pistons #39; bench absent in victory For starters, the Detroit Pistons played well enough to win their season opener Tuesday night against the Houston Rockets. But down the road, they will need more help off the bench.
Terps Falter Again Maryland men's soccer team loses in the semifinals of the NCAA tournament for the third straight year, this time 3-2 to Indiana in overtime.
Powell Vows to Work Hard Until Departure (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell, widely viewed as the moderate in an administration dominated by hawks, announced Monday he will step down as America's chief diplomat once a successor is in place.
Enter your e-mail: According to wire reports, Sony has finally decided to support MP3s in some of its future digital music players. Hey, better super-duper late than never.
Google wows investors with first results since IPO (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Internet search giant Google, which raised  #36;1.7 billion in a highly publicized IPO, announced its first quarterly earnings as a public company Thursday, and the results were stellar. Google reported revenue of  #36;805.9 million, more than double last year's  #36;393.3 million.
INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s Evans  amp; Tate Aims For 10 Growth PERTH (Dow Jones)--Australian winemaker Evans  amp; Tate Ltd. (ETW.AU) said Monday it is aiming for profit growth of at least 10 in the current year as it expands sales in its key markets across Australia and the UK.
Valencia scorer Vicente out with ankle sprain Valencia, Spain (Sports Network) - Valencia winger Vicente Rodriguez will be out for at least two weeks after spraining his ankle Wednesday.
IMF Lowers Korea #39;s 2004 Economic Growth Forecast The International Monetary Fund has lowered its 2004 economic growth forecast for Korea to 4.6 percent, citing weak domestic consumer spending amid rising household and corporate debt.
Dollar dives but Snow resists prop THE DOLLAR crashed to fresh record lows against the euro today as US Treasury Secretary John Snow signalled his reluctance to prop up the ailing currency by intervening in foreign exchange markets.
American Dwight Phillips Captures Long Jump Gold Dwight Phillips of the United States completed a hat-trick of global long jump titles when he crushed the field with his opening leap in Thursday #39;s final to win Olympic gold.
Bush win not a cure-all for stocks The market may have been relieved over the resolution of the presidential race, but investors should be careful about rushing into sectors they think might do well in the second Bush administration: All may not be as it seems.
Funk shakes off slow start Fred Funk needed a late rally yesterday on a sticky, steamy day to take a one-stroke lead into the final round of the Buick Championship.
Shell switch in strategy fails to win support of investors Shell, the Anglo-Dutch oil giant, warned yesterday that production is likely to remain flat for the next five years as it accelerates the disposal of unwanted assets and
Aid Worker Hassan Mourned at London Service   LONDON, Dec. 11 -- Family and friends gathered at Westminster Cathedral Saturday to remember Margaret Hassan, a respected aid worker abducted and believed murdered in Iraq.
Bristol-Myers to Seek Over-The-Counter OK Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said Friday that it plans to pursue Food and Drug Administration approval to sell an over-the-counter version of its cholesterol-lowering drug, Pravachol.
Glazer raises Manchester United stake to 27.6 pct-sources US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer bought more shares in Manchester United on Monday, lifting his stake to 27.63 percent and heightening speculation that he will bid for the club, sources said.
Iran Defies UN, Says Will Go on Converting Uranium (Reuters) Reuters - Iran defied the United Nations on\Tuesday by announcing it would go on converting a large amount\of raw uranium to prepare it for enrichment, a process that can\be used to develop atomic bombs.
La. Reports First Case of Soybean Rust (AP) AP - The first U.S. cases of the fungus soybean rust, which hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in Louisiana, officials said Wednesday.
Blair to lead talks on Turkey #39;s EU entry Tony Blair will have a showpiece start to Britain #39;s presidency of the European Union next year, overseeing the beginning of membership talks with Turkey.
Signs That Japan's Economic Recovery Is Fading A string of disappointing economic reports released Tuesday heightened concerns that Japan's recovery may be fading fast.
Lankan police probe concert blast Colombo: Sri Lankan police is probing the grenade attack on a concert of Bollywood mega star Shahrukh Khan in Colombo on Saturday, which killed two people and injured 19, including the wife of former cricketer Ravi Shastri, as the actor and his troupe
Guerrouj makes history in middle-distance running in second-last &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (CP) - Hicham El Guerrouj passed Kenenisa Bekele of Ethiopia with about 50 metres remaining in the 5,000-metre race Saturday, making the Morocco runner the first man in eight decades to sweep the middle-distance races at the Summer Olympics.
Report: IBM To Spin Off PC Unit (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is selling its PC business, marking the end of an era for the\personal computing pioneer, according to a story published today in the
File swappers face new antipiracy push A new round of lawsuits aimed at prolific Internet song-swappers could be announced as early as Thursday as music executives meet in London to discuss the next step in their global war on Internet piracy.
Philip Morris to invest \$200M in Cabarrus plant Philip Morris USA will invest \$200 million in the next three years to upgrade its cigarette plant in Cabarrus County, Gov. Mike Easley announced Tuesday.
Thunderbird 1.0 Takes Wing Yesterday, Mozilla launched version 1.0 of its Thunderbird e-mail client for Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X in the hopes of winning over converts much like its browser cousin Firefox is doing in the browser space.
Week 9 NFL Observations As a high profile NFL football player, you should be aware that just about anything you do on the field or the sideline will be caught by a camera.
Wreaths laid in tribute to the fallen Political leaders paid their respects to Britain #39;s war dead in the National Service of Remembrance at the Cenotaph yesterday. The leaders of the government and opposition parties were joined
Liberty 64, Silver Stars 62 Crystal Robinson scored 16 points and Becky Hammon had 15 to rally the New York Liberty over the last-place San Antonio Silver Stars 64-62 on Sunday.
Safety Gap Grows Wider Between S.U.V.'s and Cars People driving or riding in a sport utility vehicle in 2003 were nearly 11 percent more likely to die in an accident than people in cars.
Fresh Del Monte Cuts 2004 Profit Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fresh Del Monte Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDP.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday cut its 2004 earnings forecast because of weak banana  prices, high fuel costs and bad weather, among other factors.
Presidential Second Terms Can Be Painful (AP) AP - An upbeat President Bush set forth an aggressive agenda for the next four years, but he also must deal with the realities his predecessors faced  #151; second terms tend to be disappointments, often marred by scandals, infighting and lackluster performances.
Human Lie Detectors Almost Never Miss, Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - As he lies, the young man shrugs,\flutters his eyelids and shakes his head. Another, on a witness\stand, grimaces for a millisecond as he answers a question.
Pension deal bites into IBM profit The tech bellwether racks up a healthy rise in net income for the third quarter, despite taking a hit from a legal settlement.
NL Wrap: Lamb on Fire as Astros Roast Slumping Pirates Mike Lamb homered, drove in four runs and had four hits as the streaking Houston Astros beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10-5 in National League play at Minute Maid Park Sunday, their ninth straight victory.
Monza rain makes it a perfect day for Ferrari Ferrari grand slams have been taken for granted in formula one over the past five years. But Rubens Barrichello #39;s close victory over Michael Schumacher here in the Italian grand prix was a remarkable success
Who will be PGAs first \$100 million man? At first glance, Vijay Singh and Harry  quot;Lighthorse quot; Cooper might not seem to have much in common with each other, except that both were fairly successful golf professionals during their eras.
Actress Close 'joins TV cop show' Fatal Attraction star Glenn Close is to join US police drama The Shield, according to reports in Hollywood.
Apple: Open-source pedigree will protect Tiger The Mac OS X update will be spared the security woes that have hit Microsoft because it's based on Unix, executives say.
WTO close to action against US BRUSSELS The World Trade Organization is expected to approve on Friday the imposition of trade sanctions worth \$150 million on the United States by the European Union, Japan, Canada and others after a legal issue was resolved Thursday.
Oracle launches business intelligence tools Oracle has launched a new set of business intelligence (BI) tools for its grid-enabled database technology. The BI 10g product has been separated out of Oracle #39;s existing application server software.
New typhoon heading for flood-hit Philippines PILILIA, Philippines : Another powerful typhoon is bearing down on the eastern Philippines where rescuers are desperately trying to find survivors from floods and landslides that have left nearly 500 dead or missing.
Mayorga misses rape case hearing Former champion Ricardo Mayorga missed a rape case hearing because he is training for a bout in New York, and a new hearing was set for Oct. 6. Mayorga was to appear Wednesday for an initial hearing following a complaint by a 22-year-old woman.
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Closes Stock Offer Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp., a metal products company, on Wednesday it has closed a public offering of 3.65 million common shares that helped raise \$100 million to be used to pay down debt.
Analyst sees sweetened bid for MEC Frank Stronach #39;s MI Developments Inc. will likely sweeten its \$286-million (US) bid to buy out racetrack operator Magna Entertainment Corp.
There #39;s no stopping Boston-NY buzz  quot;I #39;m not sure I can think of any scenario more enjoyable than making 55,000 people from New York shut up, quot; the Boston Red Sox ace said Monday, a day before starting the opener of the AL Championship Series against Mike Mussina.
Oil Near \$50 on Supply Fears in Nigeria  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to new record highs on  Monday near \$50 for U.S. crude as Nigeria emerged as the latest  focus for worries about supply security on world energy  markets.
No. 14 Texas Overwhelms North Texas 86-57 (AP) AP - Brad Buckman scored 18 points and blocked seven shots to lead No. 14 Texas to an 86-57 victory over North Texas on Tuesday night.
Astros escape with victory Batting practice barely had started Tuesday evening, but the Astros already had killed one bird. Although it was an accident when Chris Burke #39;s hard grounder killed a pigeon
Palko Throws for 5 TDs as No. 19 Pitt Routs South Florida  TAMPA, Fla. (Sports Network) - Tyler Palko threw for a  career-high 411 yards and five touchdowns, leading 19th-ranked  Pittsburgh to a 43-14 drubbing of South Florida at Raymond  James Stadium.
Google Faces Challenge of Public Company Status Your name is synonymous with searching the Internet, and you #39;ve just raised roughly \$1.7 billion from investors by going public.
Athletes must come back to earth after Olympic venture It was only last month that Olympian Kent Smack was battling the world's best rowers on Schinias Lake outside of Athens. Today, he's back sitting at a desk in his office cubicle, facing deadlines and meetings.
Russia Offers Bounty for Chechen Rebels Russia's top general threatened on Wednesday to attack "terrorist bases" anywhere in the world, as security services put a \$10 million bounty on two Chechen rebels they blame for last week's school siege.
China clings to diplomatic mechanism The Chinese Foreign Ministry said Tuesday it remains hopeful six-party talks on the North Korean nuclear program can resolve the crisis on the peninsula.
Iraqi Forces, U.S. Troops Storm Baghdad Mosque Iraqi forces, backed by U.S. soldiers, stormed one of the major Sunni Muslim mosques in Baghdad after Friday prayers, opening fire and killing at least three people, witnesses said. Another raid overnight at a hospital allegedly used by insurgents in Mosul led to three arrests, the military said.
Maryland Is a Bit Off, But Still Wins in Rout No. 19 Maryland is a potent offensive team this season, one with several players who are capable scoring threats. But occasionally, even the best shooters fail to get their shots to fall.
Russia Introduces Terror Resolution UNITED NATIONS - Russia introduced a draft resolution Monday calling for a new list of suspects who would be subject to extradition in a stepped-up global campaign against terrorism. China welcomed it but Pakistan and other Security Council members eyed the proposal with caution...
Coca-Cola to share its fridges Coca-Cola will open its fridges to its rivals after it reached a landmark antitrust settlement on Tuesday with the European Union, China Radio International reported on Thursday.
UPDATE 4-El Paso sees \$2.7 bln drop in oil, gas asset value El Paso Corp. (EP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday disclosed the full damage from its drastic cut in reserves earlier this year, saying
IBM Adds Biometrics to ThinkPads (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has announced a new ThinkPad notebook line that will use biometrics for added security. Due for release on October 19th, certain models of the ThinkPad T42 will have embedded fingerprint readers that will allow users to sign on using fingerprints rather than passwords.
Route to make it a stiff test for Armstrong The route for next year #39;s Tour de France may provide the stiffest test yet for the six-times winner, Lance Armstrong. Or perhaps not.
Bucks escape with win over Bobcats MILWAUKEE (Ticker) -- After getting off to a slow start, Michael Redd provided a fantastic finish. Redd scored a season-high 30 points, including a pair of clutch jumpers in the final 90 seconds that lifted
Nokia Uses Hologram To Identify Batteries In addition to the hologram label, each Nokia battery will have an authentication code hidden under a scratch-off area on the label.
At 63, Parcells mellowing ... sort of This time around, Bill Parcells is doing things differently. The coaching corps #39; new spokesman for tough love even took a moment to remind himself after the Dallas Cowboys #39; victory
Analyst boosts retailer #39;s rating to  #39;buy #39; NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Bank of America Monday upgraded Wal-Mart, citing valuation and its belief that higher energy costs have no negative surprise factor for the retailing behemoth.
SA soldiers 'robbed immigrants' Five soldiers appear in court in South Africa accused of robbing Zimbabwean deportees.
Sirius Satellite: Making Waves When shock jock Howard Stern swooped into Sirius Satellite Radio, he was greeted like a conquering hero. Last month, a week after he announced on his popular morning radio show
Injured Favre Misses Another Practice (AP) AP - The Packers' top three offensive performers missed practice again Thursday as quarterback Brett Favre, running back Ahman Green and lineman Marco Rivera were on the sideline.
Dollar Edges Down on Doubts Over Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged down on Friday after  soft U.S. manufacturing data fueled the view that the Federal  Reserve may slow or even temporarily halt its tightening  campaign.
U.S. Searches Computers, Trying to Disrupt Piracy Federal authorities conducted six searches Wednesday in an attempt to disrupt a network used to trade copies of movies, software, games, and music.
A young monk opens a rare window of candor in Tibet He confirms Chinese are diluting traditional Buddhist culture and the monks' role.
Robinson #39;s class act sweeps snobbery aside at last New England captain Jason Robinson is setting new standards. Sam Wheeler looks at the career of the state-educated Leeds-born former rugby league star Thirty-two years after Clive Sullivan led Great Britain
Macedonians to vote in key poll A controversial referendum on legislation that would give Albanians greater autonomy gets under way in Macedonia.
Nintendo's innards Wondering what your shiny new Nintendo DS looks like on the inside? Lik Sang saves you the voided warranty with a new photo gallery showing a detailed dissection of the new handheld game machine. Missing Links
Rising Costs Cut Cott #39;s Drink Profit Cott Corp. (BCB.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (COT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest maker of store brand drinks, reported a 14 percent fall in third-quarter earnings and
St. Louis Rams Release Punter Sean Landeta (AP) AP - Shaky special teams helped cost punter Sean Landeta his job with the St. Louis Rams.
After 0-13 season in  #39;03, Ross #39; Black Knights hope to mimic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the 10th consecutive year, tickets for the Army-Navy game have sold out, and for good reason. Countless aspects of this 105-year-old rivalry command respect, from the thrill-inducing pageantry of the pregame
Row over Airbus boss intensifies French and German executives are in a bitter dispute over the leadership of aerospace firm EADS.
Factory Orders Drop Despite Expectations (AP) AP - Orders placed with U.S. factories fell for the first time in four months, the Commerce Department said Monday, with demand dropping sharply for commercial airplanes and parts.
Sanyo to jointly develop HD-DVD with Toshiba, NEC OSAKA, Aug 31, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- Sanyo Electric Co. will jointly develop a next-generation DVD format, called HD-DVD, with Toshiba Corp.
HD-DVD picks up Hollywood support DECEMBER 01, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - TOKYO -- The group supporting the HD-DVD optical disc format for high-definition video has received a boost in its battle against the rival Blu-ray Disc format with pledges of support from a number of Hollywood
Mariners sign slugger Sexson CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Free-agent first baseman Richie Sexson is the newest member of the Seattle Mariners. The four-year deal, which was contingent on Sexson passing a physical, was announced Wednesday and is reportedly worth \$10 million US per season.
Brazilian soccer mourns Serginho #39;s death Brazilian soccer was in mourning on Thursday after the death of Sao Caetano defender Serginho, who collapsed during the previous night #39;s match against Sao Paulo after suffering an apparent heart attack.
Regulators Question Fannie Mae's Accounting A government review into the nation's No. 1 mortgage finance company charges it with inappropriate accounting practices, the company's board said today.
Skulls Trojan attacks Symbian mobile phones Users of Nokia's 7610 smart phone and possibly other phones running Symbian's Series 60 software should be aware of a new Trojan program on the Internet.
Here Comes the Sun (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - No, the U.S. is not on the verge of a solar revolution, and sunshine won't provide the country with "energy independence" anytime soon. But solar power is gaining momentum, and based on current trends, that momentum will probably continue to build.
Cricket: Pakistan level series against Sri Lanka with nervous win KARACHI : Pakistan levelled the two-match Test series against Sri Lanka with a fighting last-day victory, thanks to a 10-wicket haul to leg spinner Danish Kaneria and a timely half century from Shoaib Malik.
Oil Down Again; U.S. Crude Stocks Seen Up (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices tiptoed lower on Tuesday,\marking a fourth day of losses as worries over potential supply\shortfalls ahead of winter faded and Nigerian unions called off\a strike that could have disrupted exports.
Pulitzer Inc. might be for sale, report says The Pantagraph #39;s parent company, Pulitzer Inc., which also owns the Post-Dispatch in St. Louis and 12 other daily newspapers, may be for sale according to a Friday report by the Reuters news service.
Aftershocks continue to rattle Japan Aftershocks shook central Japan Monday as the death toll from Saturday #39;s earthquakes rose to 25, with more than 21,000 injured.
Leading Indicators Down for 5th Month  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A key forecasting gauge of future  U.S. economic activity fell for a fifth straight month in  October, a private research firm said on Thursday.
Israel's Sharon Agrees to Changes to W. Bank Barrier  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed to  changes in the route of Israel's West Bank barrier on Monday  but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside,  political sources said.
Telekom Austria secures right to buy MobilTel Telekom Austria on Monday won the right to acquire MobilTel, the Bulgarian operator, for 1.6bn (\$2.12bn), in a deal that would allow it to tap into an underdeveloped mobile market.
Motorsport: BAR win contract tug-of-war over Button SAO PAULO - Briton Jenson Button will drive for BAR next year but is likely to join Williams in 2006 after Formula One #39;s Contract Recognition Board (CRB) ended a tug-of-war between the teams today.
Sihanouk #39;s son named king Southeast Asia #39;s wiliest political survivor yesterday completed his own intricately scripted exit from the stage. King Norodom Sihanouk, who first took Cambodia #39;s throne when
Henry, Phelps on Record Track to Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's Jodie Henry armed herself  with a world record while Michael Phelps targeted his fourth  Olympic gold medal backed by a Games record in qualifying for  Thursday's finals.
Kobe Trial Begins EAGLE, Colo. (CBS) Justice, a woman #39;s honor, and an NBA superstar #39;s career and freedom. There is much at stake as jury selection begins Friday in the rape trial of Kobe Bryant.
IBM, Cisco Expand Security Alliance Covering Enterprise Networks RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - IBM and Cisco Systems are broadening their security alliance to offer new automatic security applications for enterprise networks.
Eagles 27 Vikings 16 PHILADELPHIA Donovan McNabb threw for two touchdowns and ran for another as Philadelphia beat Minnesota 27-to-16. McNabb #39;s 45-yard scoring pass to Terrell Owens gave the Eagles a 24-to-9 lead midway through the final quarter.
Brazil Successfully Launches Its First Rocket To Space thatshortkid writes  quot;The Washington Times is reporting on Brazil #39;s first successful space launch. Since it is closer to the equator, the task of getting up to space is easier, meaning much more cargo room over fuel.
Report: IBM Exiting PC Business IBM (IBM:NYSE - news - research) is reportedly ready to exit the PC business, having long lost its dominance in the arena. The report said Lenovo Group, China #39;s top PC company, is among the interested bidders.
Microsoft Ready to Remove Media Player (PC World) PC World - Software giant will follow court orders and comply with EU's demands if necessary.
Generation Raised With Internet Grows Up (AP) AP - Young people are now the savviest of the tech-savvy, as likely to demand a speedy broadband connection as to download music onto an iPod, or upload digital photos to their Web logs.
U.S., G7 Allies Agree on Iraq Debt Relief  BERLIN (Reuters) - The United States, Germany and other G7  nations agreed on Saturday to write off up to 80 percent of  Iraq's \$120 billion foreign debt in a move that could pave the  way for a wider international accord, officials said.
Arthritis Drug Vioxx Being Pulled The arthritis drug Vioxx, used by millions of people around the world, is being pulled off the market after a study confirmed long-standing concerns that it raises
Nobel winner in degree protest "Buckyball" pioneer Sir Harry Kroto slams a UK University's plans to close its chemistry department.
British soldier is charged with murdering Iraqi A 21-YEAR OLD British soldier appeared in court yesterday charged with murdering an Iraqi civilian during the course of an arrest.
Astros, Marlins keep pressure on Cubs The Chicago Cubs found a good way to make up for their poor hitting -- a shutdown pitching performance by Kerry Wood. Wood #39;s eight shutout innings made up for another listless performance by the Cubs #39; offense
Bears #39; Tucker done for the season LAKE FOREST, Illinois (Ticker) - Coming off their worst offensive performance of the season, the Chicago Bears placed guard Rex Tucker on injured reserve with a strained hamstring.
IBM recalls 500,000 melting notebook adapters More than 500,000 notebook power adapters sold by IBM are being recalled to offset the threat of melting plastic and even fire. IBM and the US Consumer Product Safety Commission announced the recall, saying
Ericsson ends Bluetooth hardware development Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson, the company that invented and heavily promoted Bluetooth wireless technology, has decided to discontinue its design and development of new Bluetooth systems for the semiconductor industry.
Japan Navy Mobilized After Mystery Submarine Spotted  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Japanese navy was mobilized on  Wednesday for the first time in five years after an  unidentified submarine was spotted in waters off Japan.
Iraqi Ministry: Tests Show Captive Is Not Al-Douri 6 September 2004 -- Iraq says that medical tests conducted on a arrested man have proven he is not Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, the highest ranking former Iraqi government official still at large.
Smart Ones Smart America: Frenchman wins despite errors That would imply that any of the men in the Smart Ones Smart America competition last night were left standing, and they were not.
How They Would Fix It Bush and Kerry both talk about providing health care for the uninsured. Here's how they would do it
South Korea Not Out of the Running for U.N. Post  HANOI (Reuters) - South Korea might put forward a candidate  to take over from U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan when his  term expires in 2006, a South Korean official said Sunday.
Everton Football Club midfielder set for reprieve? Everton Football Club midfielder Tim Cahill could get the red card he received at the weekend rescinded. The Australian was shown two yellow cards by referee Steve Bennett, the second one dished out following
Review: New Media Players Too Small The new breed of portable media players is finally here, but the devices are too small to comfortably watch movies on and too bulky to compete with my MP3 music player.
Mountain West Changes TV Networks (AP) AP - Mountain West Conference football and basketball games will move from ESPN to College Sports Television in the fall of 2006.
BT board rejig follows Danon exit BT finance chief Ian Livingston will replace former  retail head Paul Danon at the UK telecoms giant, the company announces.
A sense of loss, but dream of statehood endures NEW YORK -- Wearing the traditional black-and-white checked headdress that Yasser Arafat had made his personal trademark, Linda Sarasour, a Palestinian-American who works in a part of Brooklyn with many Arab residents, yesterday described the controversial leader as ''our Martin Luther King. quot;
Pressure off for Sadler After winning the Pop Secret 500 Sunday night at California Speedway and all but nailing down a spot in NASCAR #39;s new Chase for the Nextel Cup playoff, Sadler could hardly contain his excitement about a possible trip to New York City in December for the
Real game halted after bomb threat Real Madrid #39;s Primera Liga match against Real Sociedad was abandoned on Sunday after police received a warning that a bomb would explode at the stadium.
Microsoft issues one fix in monthly security update In sharp contrast to last month #39;s barrage of critical patches, Microsoft has offered up just one  quot;important quot; fix for users to implement in its scheduled round of security updates for November.
Internet is caught in its own web It is the news that Internet users do not want to hear: the worldwide web is in danger of collapsing around us. Patrick Gelsinger, the chief technology officer for computer chip maker Intel, told a conference
Iran defies N-agency VIENNA, Sept. 21. - Shrugging off a 35-nation ultimatum, Iran today revealed that it had started converting tons of raw uranium as part of technology that could be used to make nuclear arms.
Mystery of Wales turtle 'solved' Scientists think they may know why the world's largest leatherback turtle was washed up on a Welsh beach.
Apple Powerbook G4 Batteries Recalled Thousands of rechargeable batteries for use in Apple #39;s Powerbook G4 laptop are being recalled. The batteries can overheat, posing a fire hazard. However, no injuries have been reported.
Kodak, Sun Microsystems Settle Java Suit Eastman Kodak Co., poised to ask for more than \$1 billion in damages from Sun Microsystems Inc., has reached an out-of-court settlement in a long-running patent dispute over the Silicon Valley company #39;s Java programming language.
Unlike apes, humans were born to run, study says There #39;s a new storm in the ranks of anthropologists who try to understand the long and puzzling history of human evolution by studying fossil evidence from millions of years ago.
Cisco to acquire network monitoring provider NetSolve SAN FRANCISCO - Cisco Systems Inc. channel partners will be able to offer real-time monitoring of enterprises' networks after the company agreed to acquire NetSolve Inc., the networking giant said Thursday.
New Raytheon contract grants raises Raytheon Co. #39;s largest area union of manufacturing employees approved a three-year contract yesterday, according to labor officials and the Waltham defense contractor.
Tendulkar out of Champions Trophy NEW DELHI: All-rounder Rohan Gavaskar will replace an injured Sachin Tendulkar in Indias squad for next weeks Champions Trophy in England, an Indian cricket board official announced on Saturday.
Greek protestors rally against Powell at Games ATHENS : Nearly 700 demonstrators rallied in central Athens to protest at the arrival of US Secretary of State Colin Powell, who is due to attend the Olympic Games #39; closing ceremony at the weekend.
Sony to Launch Smaller PS2 Console Oct. 26-Report (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Sony Corp is expected to unveil a\smaller version of its popular PlayStation 2 game console on\October 26, The Hollywood Reporter said on its Web site, citing\retailers and industry analysts.
Police push for surveillance fee on customers' phone, Internet bills (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada's police chiefs propose a surcharge of about 25 cents on monthly telephone and Internet bills to cover the cost of tapping into the communications of terrorists and other criminals.
West Brom sack boss Gary Megson West Bromwich Albion have sacked their manager Gary Megson after he said he was planning to leave the club. Megson said he didn #39;t want to stay on as the club #39;s boss when his contract ended at the end of the season.
The FPJ chronicles Last May, he fought for the Presidency and just recently, he fought for his life. Fernando Poe, Jr. lost both fights but the ironies of ironies is that he has never been more alive now than any time in the hearts of the Filipino people.
Kerry mounts furious counter-offensive on security (AFP) AFP - Democrat John Kerry has mounted a furious counter-attack against George W. Bush on national security, seeking to regain momentum in their heated presidential race two weeks before polling day.
Czechs, please, as Swedes made to pay Any suggestions the Czech Republic lacked the necessary commitment to advance in the World Cup of Hockey were erased yesterday when it stunned an overwhelmed Swedish team in Stockholm.
Group: Most charities sell donor lists Most of the nation's charities are attempting to raise additional funds by selling the names of donors to marketing organizations or swapping mailing lists with other nonprofits, a charity watchdog group said yesterday.
Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Dip NEW YORK - Stocks moved modestly higher Friday as a dip in oil prices and a satisfactory report on durable goods orders cheered investors at the end of a losing week.    In midafternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 39.75, or 0.4 percent, at 10,078.65...
Powell starts new Middle East peace efforts Outgoing US Secretary of State Collin Powell arrived in Israel late Sunday as part of the international efforts to revive the stalled Middle East peace process amid continued violence in the region.
Dell gets down to CE business Dell is expected to expand its line of line of consumer electronics this week, possibly taking the wraps off of a challenger to Apple Computer #39;s iPod Mini music player.
Stocks Set to Open Lower; Coke, Oil Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open lower on  Wednesday as concerns about Hurricane Ivan weighed on sentiment  and Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; warned that earnings for the rest of  the year would lag expectations.
Hubble Peers Inside a Celestial Geode Hubble Space Telescope -- In this unusual image, NASA's Hubble Space Telescope captures a rare view of the celestial equivalent of a geode  a gas cavity carved by the stellar wind and intense ultraviolet radiation from a hot young star.    Real geodes are baseball-sized, hollow rocks that start out as bubbles in volcanic or sedimentary rock...
Mexico announces historic rain forest plan Mexico and a US environmental group agreed on a plan to protect 370,000 acres of tropical forest on the Yucatan Peninsula in what officials said Friday was the largest conservation project in the country #39;s history.
Report: Bonds Admitted to Using Substances (AP) AP - Baseball player Barry Bonds told a federal grand jury that he used a clear substance and a cream given to him by a trainer who was indicted in a steroid-distribution ring but denied knowing they were steroids, according to a report published Friday.
SBC strikes telephony agreement with Ford Automaker Ford Motor Co. has signed a new contract with San Antonio-based SBC Communications Inc. for the deployment of an advanced Internet protocol (IP) telephony network at Ford facilities in Michigan, the telecommunications firm said Tuesday.
At end, Nuggets golden Are these guys ever going to have a game that doesn #39;t come down to the last possession? It seems that, if nothing else, the Celtics give you 48 minutes worth.
Holtz bids farewell as Spurrier waits in wings COLUMBIA, SC ---- As South Carolina coach Lou Holtz left the game he #39;s cherished for 33 seasons, he couldn #39;t resist poor-mouthing himself one last time.
Hurricane Jeanne Pelts Bahamas on Way to Florida (Reuters) Reuters - Deadly Hurricane Jeanne strengthened\rapidly as it strafed the northern Bahamas on Saturday on its\way to deliver a record fourth hurricane strike in one season\to densely populated Florida.
Briefly: More money for fuel cells roundup Plus: Linux release features Windows support...Gmail delivered to desktops...Chinadotcom mobile services suspended...Maker of disposable RFID tags gets millions...Mitsubishi expands solar production.
HP profit tops lowered forecast Hewlett-Packard Co. today reported net income for its fiscal fourth quarter of \$1.09 billion, compared with \$862 million during the same quarter a year earlier.
Summit Addresses Greenhouses Gases' Impact (AP) AP - A new report on ecological damage from greenhouse gases dominated the sidelines of a U.N. conference on global warming Saturday as delegates from nearly 200 nations assembled to prepare for the launch next year of the Kyoto Protocol.
Strong Quake Hits Japan #39;s Hokkaido, 14 Hurt A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 hit a sparsely populated area of Japan #39;s northernmost main island of Hokkaido early on Monday, injuring at least 14 people.
Colts start to find their harmony JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- They were singing in the Colts #39; locker room today, singing like a bunch of wounded songbirds. Never mind that Marcus Pollard, Dallas Clark and Ben Hartsock won #39;t be recording a remake of Kenny Chesney #39;s song,  quot;Young, quot; any time soon.
Microsoft ponders licensing for app virtualization scenarios (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - SANTA CLARA, CALIF. -- Noting two evolving areas of software licensing, Microsoft is pondering how to license when multiple instances of an application are run on a single computer, but is not eyeing a plan for utility-based computing, in which charges are based on individual usage.
Apple Announces Expansion of Euro iTunes An Apple executive has told Reuters that the company will expand its European iTunes Music Store next month. Apple Vice President Eddie Cue told the news service that Apple plans to cover
Iranian Lawmakers OK Uranium Enrichment Iranian lawmakers stand up to show their  quot;yes quot; vote to approve the outline of a bill that requires the government to resume uranium enrichment - an issue of national pride that provides a rare point of agreement between conservatives and reformers in
Retail Sales Up Slightly as Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail sales rose modestly as  expected last month, but the underlying message from the  consumer was strong at the start of the fourth quarter after  record oil prices failed to deter shoppers.
Dell signs big desktop contract with Philips Dell has won a large global contract from Dutch electronics giant Koninklijke Philips Electronicsto provide hardware and managed desktop services.
TELECOM '04 - Changing telecom industry meets in Vegas LAS VEGAS - U.S. carriers and infrastructure providers are gathering this week at the Telecom '04 trade show in Las Vegas amid rapid changes in the telecommunications industry, including cable companies roaring into the voice business and phone companies switching on TV services.
Clarke wins Taiheiyo Masters Northern Ireland #39;s Darren Clarke fired a 4-under 68 Sunday to win the Japan Golf Tour #39;s Taiheiyo Masters. The European Ryder Cup star started the day with a four-stroke lead and widened
NBA fans find extra security after brawl as shorthanded Pistons win (AFP) AFP - With security staffing levels raised 50 percent following Friday's melee between spectators and players, National Basketball Association champion Detroit beat Charlotte 117-116 here.
International Space station crew takes a ride in Soyuz The two-man crew of the International Space Station left its orbital home today, taking a brief ride in a Russian Soyuz capsule to move the craft from one docking port to another.
This pair not pulling punches The old order is passing in boxing and a potential new powerhouse has emerged. Timing always has been the ally of Oscar De La Hoya and Bernard Hopkins. It is what made the former a six-time world champion and the latter the undisputed middleweight champion through more successful title defenses than any fighter in history.
Ulmer gives Carter golden advice ATHENS: A soothing pre-race pep talk with newly-crowned cycling champion Sarah Ulmer helped Hamish Carter turn a childhood dream into reality and bury his Olympic demons with a coveted triathlon gold in Athens last night.
Lebanon rejects US criticism of cabinet Lebanon Wednesday rejected US criticism Syria dictated the make-up of the the new 30-member government of Premier Omar Karami. Information Minister Elie Ferzili said after
#39;Still Committed to Road Map #39;, says Sharon Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed his commitment to a Middle East peace initiative, despite comments from one of his senior advisers who effectively dismissed the plan.
Verizon, Comcast execs slam regulation OCTOBER 12, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - SAN FRANCISCO -- Cable met telecommunications yesterday at the Telecom  #39;04 trade show in Las Vegas as the top executives of Verizon Communications Inc.
No. 3 Auburn Tops Tennessee for SEC Title  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell threw for a  career-high 374 yards along with three touchdowns as  third-ranked Auburn stated its case for a spot in the Orange  Bowl with a 38-28 victory over No. 15 Tennessee in the  Southeastern Conference Championship at the Georgia Dome.
Roxbury group to buy S. Boston building The Mayo Group of Roxbury is expected to purchase 51 Sleeper St. in South Boston, a vacant eight-story building owned by Frank H. McCourt Jr. McCourt, who owns the Los Angeles Dodgers baseball team, defaulted on a \$22.5 million loan on the property this year. A group of investors sold the loan to Mayo Group for about \$17 million, and ...
Source Code Club: Hacker Hoax or Cisco Headache? Source Code Club #39;s last attempt to cash in on other people #39;s intellectual property targeted Enterasys Network #39;s Dragon intrusion detection system, which SCC offered for \$16,000, and Napster #39;s
Paterno Is Seeking Answers for an Age-Old Problem As if to prove that his age is irrelevant, Penn State Coach Joe Paterno forgot for a moment yesterday exactly how old he is.  quot;I don #39;t feel 78 - or 77, quot; said Paterno, who will not turn 78 until Dec. 21.
East Asia #39;s Economies to Grow Over 7 Pct. A fifth year of powerful economic growth in East Asia and the Pacific has driven the number of people living in poverty in the region to its lowest level ever, but the World Bank warned Tuesday that oil prices could dampen the boom next year.
UPDATE 2-Jayasuriya leads Sri Lanka fightback in Karachi Sanath Jayasuriya struck a cavalier 96 not out to lead Sri Lanka #39;s fightback against Pakistan after a century by Inzamam-ul-Haq on the third day of the second test on Saturday.
Afghan president under fire Afghanistan #39;s president, Hamid Karzai, yesterday evaded an apparent assassination attempt, when a rocket attack missed his helicopter.
Slain officers buried as gunfire continues in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE -- Hundreds of wailing mourners gathered to bury five slain police officers yesterday as gunfire crackled around the capital, where clashes between supporters of the US-backed government and ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide have plagued peacekeepers. Photographs of three officers who were beheaded sat beside their cremated remains in a police academy where the funerals were held, while the open ...
Navy deal may pose more financial problems for EDS The Electronic Data Systems contract to manage the U.S. Navy/Marine Corps Intranet has been plagued by problems and earlier this year prompted an inquiry from the SEC.
Wal-Mart Rejects Proposed D.C. Location Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said it would scrap plans to build its first District store after senior executives visited the proposed site in the Brentwood, NE neighborhood and found it did not meet their requirements.
Price war hurts telecoms firm MCI MCI, which as Worldcom became the world's largest corporate bankruptcy, sees losses balloon to \$3.4bn thanks to a price war.
Film Stuntmen Aim for Space Snatch-and-Grab A space capsule holding atoms collected from solar wind was en route to a tricky rendezvous with Earth today, offering scientists the first material Nasa has brought back from space in nearly three decades.
Once-Proud Niners, Dolphins Flounder (AP) AP - Bill Walsh and Don Shula might want to avert their eyes from this one. Twenty seasons after the San Francisco 49ers and the Miami Dolphins faced each other in two of their 10 combined trips to the Super Bowl, they've become the NFL's two most miserable franchises.
US Stocks Up, Ford Forecast Gives a Lift (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. blue chips advanced on Friday\after Ford Motor Co.  raised its earnings forecasts, while\wireless technology provider Qualcomm Inc.  limited\gains on the Nasdaq after saying an accounting review may\reduce pretax income.
Pill 'may cut heart disease risk' The oral contraceptive pill may protect women from heart disease and some cancers, scientists suggest.
Aircraft subsidies trigger trans-Atlantic trade fight Washington state #39;s \$3.2 billion package of tax incentives for Boeing #39;s 7E7 project has become a focal point of the quickly worsening trade dispute between the US and Europe over government support for airplane makers.
Brazil Jobless Falls to 7-Month Low Brazil #39;s unemployment rate fell in July for the third straight month to a seven-month low of 11.2 percent and wages rose, underscoring the strengthening economy, official data showed on Thursday.
Saudi Arabia seeks stable oil prices Saudi Arabia said Sunday it is seeking stable oil prices in the international market for the sake of consumers and producers. Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Nuaimi said during
New IBM Blade Cuts into Small Businesses  quot;We are dispelling the industry notion that blade servers are only a large enterprise play, quot; Jeff Benck, vice president for IBM eServer BladeCenter, said.
Mosque on Fire After U.S. Air Strikes in West Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. marines engaged in heavy clashes  with scores of insurgents near a mosque in western Iraq on  Monday, leading to U.S. air strikes which damaged the shrine  and left it ablaze, the U.S. military said.
Notes: Rotation questions for Torre Joe Torre and Mel Stottlemyre have an interesting week ahead of them, as they try to sort out the Yankees #39; starting rotation for the postseason.
Europe lifts weapons ban from Libya Two days after the American trade embargo was lifted from Libya, the European Union yesterday approved to lift the economic sanctions imposed on Tripoli in addition to lifting arms sales to it.
Notre Dame extends Brey through 2010-11 season South Bend, IN (Sports Network) - Notre Dame head basketball coach Mike Brey has signed a two-year extension that will keep him under contract with the Fighting Irish through the 2010-11 season.
Intelligence Gathering: The Study of How the Brain Evolves Offers Insight into the Mind (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Is there really life out there?  Was a kinder, wetter Mars once dotted by bacterial blooms whose progeny now await our discovery?  Do unseen, alien microbes swim in the buried oceans of Europa, Callisto, or Ganymede?  What about Titan's sub-zero methane lakes?
Crude Oil Prices Surge Again Crude oil prices surged again Wednesday, rising above \$47 a barrel amid lingering concerns in supply from Iraq and Russia.
Airlines Likely To Change Tack An aviation analyst believes Air New Zealand and Qantas will amend their bid to form an alliance and work instead on sharing resources.
Tired pair join to take on Wal-Mart UNTIL yesterday Wal-Mart virtually owned copyright on the term biggest in the world, when applied to retailers. But retailers Sears and Kmart have formed a shopping behemoth worth \$11 billion (5.9
Listen to the show Former Chilean dictator General Augusto Pinochet has lost his immunity by order of the countrys Supreme Court. Pinochet overthrew democratically elected socialist President Salvadore Allende and ruled Chile from 1973 to 1990.
Antepo To Release OPN \$.5 On Monday Antepo will release Version 4.5 of its Open Presence Network (OPN) enterprise IM system on Monday. The new version features the capability to integrate messaging systems that use the XMPP system pioneered
The Geminid Meteor Shower The 2004 Geminid meteor shower is underway. Midnight sky watchers this weekend sawbright meteors shooting out of the constellation Geminid--at least a few per hour.
Police: Coleman Flipped Car to Avoid Deer (AP) AP - Atlanta Falcons defensive tackle Rod Coleman swerved to avoid a deer and flipped his luxury vehicle, authorities said Wednesday, finally revealing details of a mysterious wreck last weekend.
SuperSonics Beat Spurs, 113-94 (AP) AP - Rashard Lewis scored 27 points and Ray Allen added 24, leading the Seattle SuperSonics to a 113-94 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday night.
SA  #39;contempt #39; for Aristide claim South Africa has rejected accusations that it let ex-leader Jean-Bertrand Aristide incite violence in Haiti from his place of exile in South Africa.
Red Sox Sweep Tigers for 6th Straight Win (AP) AP - Tim Wakefield allowed three hits in eight innings and the Boston Red Sox won their sixth straight game with a 6-1 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Sunday. Wakefield (11-7) gave up only Nook Logan's double in the third, Craig Monroe's 10th homer in the fifth and Logan's single in the eighth.
Oracle-PeopleSoft to return (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - Vice Chancellor Leo Strine Jr. continues the case to hear additional testimony on PeopleSoft's poison pill.
Royal Mail posts daily 1m profit The Royal Mail today said it was on course for recovery, revealing it was making 1m a day after having lost 1m a day two years ago.
Police tackle internet crime For the first time outside London, Welsh businesses join workshops to speak to police about internet crime.
Singh eyes big prize Vijay Singh is making it look easy by winning tournament after tournament, and millions upon millions of dollars, while chasing Tiger Woods's record for earnings in a season.
Oil Slips Below \$46 as Iraq Flow Rises  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices dipped below \$46 on Tuesday,  making a third day of falls as a more optimistic Iraq export  picture unwound some of the supply worries that have lifted the  market to historic levels.
Colts Lock Up Harrison Long Term (Reuters) Reuters - The Indianapolis Colts\signed wide receiver All-Pro Marvin Harrison to a long-term\contract extension Thursday.
Culpepper Leading Pro Bowl Voting (AP) AP - Daunte Culpepper was leading Pro Bowl fan balloting through Wednesday with 325,383 votes.
N. Korea Calls U.S. Exercises 'War Action' (AP) AP - North Korea said Monday that prospects for talks on its nuclear weapons program are getting dimmer every day and it condemned U.S.-led naval exercises in Japanese waters as an "ultimate war action."
Humpback Whale Trapped at Power Plant ANNAPOLIS ROYAL, Nova Scotia - A hydroelectric plant in Nova Scotia remained closed Tuesday after a wayward humpback whale swam through the underwater gates connecting the facility with the Atlantic Ocean.
Pentagon's \$20bn war internet will 'cure world hunger' Rumsfeld rubs it in: it's the revenge of the drone class
Honeywell sues Apple, 33 others over LCD patent (MacCentral) MacCentral - Honeywell on Wednesday announced that it has filed suit against Apple and 33 other companies for alleged patent infringement over a technology that "increases the brightness of images and that reduces the appearance of certain interference effects on a liquid crystal display (LCD)," according to a statement released today.
Koznick lands spot on Aspen podium ASPEN - After two days of disappointment, an American ski racer finally landed on a podium in front of an enthusiastic, partisan and snow-covered crowd Sunday.
Rumsfeld Arrives at Desert Marine Base in Iraq  AL-ASAD AIRBASE, Iraq (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Donald  Rumsfeld swept into an airbase in Iraq's western desert Sunday  to make a first-hand evaluation of operations to quell a raging  Iraqi insurgency in his first such visit in five months.
MSN Search Preview Resurfaces The public preview of MSN #39;s upcoming search engine is back, this time with a Web index about five times fatter and reworked relevancy algorithms.
PC makers: Look before taking SP2 leap Many PC makers have a list of drivers and other patches that should be in place before installing the OS update.\
New Rules for 'Soft Money' Groups in 2006 (AP) AP - Non-party groups spending millions of dollars in unlimited donations on ads and get-out-the-vote drives in this year's presidential race will face some new ground rules starting with the 2006 election.
No. 5 Miami Rebounds to Beat FSU in Overtime  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Frank Gore scored on an 18-yard  touchdown run in overtime, as No. 5 Miami-Florida outlasted  fourth-ranked and arch-rival Florida State, 16-10, at the  Orange Bowl in the season-opener for both teams.
Berkman Injures Knee, May Miss Opener (AP) AP - Houston Astros outfielder Lance Berkman may miss the start of next season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee while playing flag football.
Australia, Japan work on near zero-emission coal-fired electricity plant (AFP) AFP - Australian and Japanese researchers are working on a prototype  quot;near zero-emission quot; coal-fired electricity plant in an effort to reduce a major source of greenhouse gas emissions, they said.
US anti-dumping law draws WTO sanctions GENEVA - The World Trade Organization approved strong sanctions Friday against the United States for legislation that allows US companies to receive some duties collected from foreign competitors.
The Dawn Of HD Radio (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - When WHUR launched "high definition" digital radio this year, it advertised the move several times an hour on air. It slapped the "HD Radio" logo on its letterhead and employee jackets. It drove around town in a specially outfitted van inviting people to listen to the crisp, no-static sound. And it tutored consumer electronics retailers about the technology.
Malone to raise voting stake in News Corp Liberty Media tycoon John Malone is planning to almost double his voting stake in Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corporation, a move that will raise further questions about the future of the company.
Fairy Tale or Not, Knicks Call Malone Isiah Thomas, the team president, made a call Wednesday to the agent for Karl Malone, the disillusioned former Lakers forward.
Movie Industry Suing Hundreds Of Alleged Online Pirates A year after the recording industry opened fire on illegal file-sharers with hundreds of lawsuits, the movie industry has followed its lead.
Spaniard Constantino Zaballa wins 19th stage Spain #39;s Constantino Zaballa broke away early and finished more than a minute ahead of his closest competitors in winning the 19th stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Friday.
Japan's Hot Springs Sullied by Scandal (AP) AP - For at least four centuries, the rust-colored waters that bubble out of the mountainside behind the Ikaho Shrine have been as good as gold to this little spa village. Shared by dozens of inns, the spring waters are among the most venerable in the country.
Vodafone launches 3G in UK Vodafone, the world #39;s largest mobile phone operator, today finally launched its third generation (3G) services as it seeks to recoup 16.
Agassi after 18th Masters title with victory in Madrid Second-seeded Andre Agassi, looking for his 18th masters title, edged Max Mirnyi of Belarus 7-6 (5), 6-3 Tuesday in the second round of the US\$3 million Madrid Masters.
Rise in UK Animal Experiments Angers Campaigners (Reuters) Reuters - The number of animal experiments in\Britain rose last year to its highest level since 1994,\prompting condemnation from animal rights campaigners who said\the government had failed to curb cruelty.
Passenger Cat Stevens to Be Deported WASHINGTON - Homeland Security officials said Yusuf Islam - formerly known as singer Cat Stevens - will be deported Wednesday after being denied entry to the U.S. for being on a government watch list...
Manning takes aim at NFL touchdown record WASHINGTON (AFP) - Indianapolis quarterback Peyton Manning can set a National Football League record for touchdown passes in a single season Sunday and secure a playoff spot for the Colts three games before the season #39;s end.
NCAA Game Summary - LSU at Florida It was Casey #39;s first collegiate TD...These two teams met for the 51st time with the Gators still holding a 27-21-3 lead in the series that dates back to 1937...LSU coach Nick Saban has a 2-3 mark vs. Florida
Three Americans in 200 Shawn Crawford speeds to victory in 20.55 seconds in his first-round heat of the 200, and is joined in the second round by U.S. teammates Bernard Williams and Justin Gatlin.
NL notables Houston's Roger Clemens struck out a season-high 12 to surpass 200 in a season for the 12th time in his career.
EU Urges Liberia to Improve Election Laws Fast  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The European Union urged Liberia,  struggling to emerge from more than 10 years of civil war, to  bring its election laws up to international standards ahead of  an October vote.
British hostage calls home A British UN worker who was kidnapped in Afghanistan by Islamic militants nearly two weeks ago has telephoned her family to say she is still alive.
Hacker Hits California University Computer  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A computer hacker accessed names  and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians  after breaking into a University of California, Berkeley,  computer system in perhaps the worst attack of its kind ever  suffered by the school, officials said on Tuesday.
Protesters disrupt rallying call Prime Minister Tony Blair faced angry protests as he urged his party to set aside its differences over Iraq and seize the chance of an historic third term in power.
Reform to Rules for Putnam Rep. Adam Putnam (R-Fla.), who led much of Congress #39; oversight of federal information technology during the past two years, has left the House Government Reform Committee and joined the Rules Committee.
Dell's server safari CEO still eyeing AMD. Also: Server maker unsheathes new blades and a software pact with Microsoft.\
In cost cuts, US Air takes ax to top jobs US Airways has said that it is cutting 10 percent of its top salaried and management jobs and reducing the pay and benefits of white-collar workers in an effort to save \$45 million a year.
Karzai declared winner of Afghan election KABUL, Afghanistan -- Hamid Karzai was officially declared Afghanistan #39;s first-ever popularly elected president today after a weeks-long fraud probe found no reason to overturn his landslide victory.
Equitable Life makes  #39;steady and sustained #39; progress TROUBLED mutual Equitable Life yesterday said it had continued to make  quot;steady and sustained progress quot; in improving its financial position during the first half of the year.
Allawi: Saddam Hussein Appealed for Mercy CAIRO, Egypt - Interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said in an interview published Monday that a "depressed and broken in spirit" Saddam Hussein had appealed to him for mercy, saying his regime had meant no harm during the years it was in power.    Allawi also told the London-based Al-Hayat newspaper that he's been the target of four assassination attempts since becoming leader of Iraq - the most recent just five days ago - but he insisted his homeland's chaos would be controlled...
Iraq blames US for deadly raid BAGHDAD: Iraq #39;s US-backed government said yesterday that  quot;major neglect quot; by its American-led military allies led to a massacre of 49 army recruits at the weekend.
Abbas making progress on a truce TEL AVIV Mahmoud Abbas, the new leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization and the man expected to be elected president of the Palestinian Authority, has been making progress in persuading radical groups like Hamas to hold their fire against Israeli
Russia Confirms Plane Crash Terror Link A widely-suspected terrorist connection became an official claim when Russian authorities said they found traces of explosives in the wreckage of one of two passenger jets that crashed almost simultaneously, killing all 90 people on board.
Cisco buys IT management start-up Cisco Systems signed an agreement on Wednesday to acquire network management start-up Jahi Networks for \$16 million. Jahi, a San Jose, Calif.
TARGET CHALLANGE GOLF LATEST BETTING ODDS NEWS The golf season finally enters its winter break this week, and there will be no more action on either the US PGA Tour or the European Tour until January.
Trump Stumps Chump Episode two of The Apprentice heats up with a cool treat and a surprise ego boot.
Oil price rally takes off again Oil prices have resumed their upward path, lifted by reports of pipeline sabotage in Iraq and fears that Russian firm Yukos may suspend production.
Week in review: iPod rocks on With all the splash and glitz of a Hollywood premiere, Apple Computer this week introduced the latest version of its popular iPod music player.
FTC Sues Alleged Spyware Distributors Companies are accused of infecting PCs, and then selling spyware-blocking software.
IBM settles pension suits IBM Corp. and plaintiffs challenging the legality of its pension plan agreed to a deal Wednesday that settles most claims and caps the company #39;s potential liability at \$1.
iPod Photo iPod Photo, newest member of the iPod family, holds up to 25,000 digital photos alongside your music library and displays them on its stunning high-resolution color screen. iPod Photo, which lets you combine your music and your favorite photos to create magical slideshows on your iPod, features TV-out for sharing your slideshows on big screen televisions and projectors. iPod Photo comes in 40GB or 60GB models. Oct 26
Kent #39;s dramatic hit puts Astros in charge HOUSTON So you think the Red Sox and Yankees staged high drama in their Game 5? Consider this: Twenty-three minutes after David Ortiz #39;s single lifted the Red Sox past the Yankees in the 14th inning on Monday
COPC condemns slaying of Davao lensman THE largest media organization here yesterday joined other media groups in condemning the recent slaying of a 26-year-old photojournalist in Jolo, Sulu.
China Rebuffs Powell's Suggestions on Taiwan Chinese officials Monday rebuffed Secretary of State Colin L. Powell's suggestion they use a possibly conciliatory speech by Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian to restart cross-straits discussions, telling him in strong terms that they are not impressed by Chen's words and are worried about his actions.
Schilling Adds Voice to Talk of the Red Sox Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling called into a sports-talk radio station on Wednesday to dispel speculation that he didn't get along with teammate Pedro Martnez.
Oil, gas rigs put through the  #39;ultimate #39; test in Gulf Hurricane Ivan tested oil and gas platforms in the Gulf of Mexico to their limits and beyond this week as damage reports continued to grow Friday.
He hurt me: Carolina Panthers kickoff returner Rod Smart, aka  quot;He Hate Me, quot; sprained his left knee Sunday on a kickoff return in the second quarter against the Atlanta Falcons.
Cantor Fitzgerald to Split Off Voice-Broking Unit (Update5) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Cantor Fitzgerald LP, one of the two largest Treasury bond brokers, will split off its original business of person-to-person sales to focus on more profitable activities such as institutional equity sales and trading.
GRADING THE JETS The stats were ugly: One offensive touchdown, 1-for-11 on third down, three sacks, fewer than 150 yards passing, and no consistency.
Japan Tobacco #39;s Canadian Unit Files for Bankruptcy Protection Japan Tobacco Inc. #39;s Canadian unit, JTI-Macdonald, filed for bankruptcy protection after the Quebec government sued it for C\$1.
EU: Alitalia plan good for future A rescue plan aimed at saving Italian airline Alitalia is a good sign for the future of the loss-making flag carrier, the EU #39;s top transport official has said.
New Technology From AMD And IBM Boosts Chip Performance The manufacturing technology can result in faster chips without increasing power requirements, say the companies. By Darrell Dunn.
Apple to use Toshiba chip next year Toshiba Corp, Japan #39;s second largest chipmaker, has agreed to start selling a type of semiconductor known as flash memory to Apple Computer Inc, maker of the best-selling iPod digital music player.
Microsoft To Appeal Denial of Its FAT Patent The patent office sided with the Public Patent Foundation, which argued that several examples of so-called  quot;prior art quot; were in existence when Microsoft sought to patent FAT.
Fla. County to Replace Absentee Ballots (AP) AP - With voters jamming phone lines saying they haven't received absentee ballots in the mail, elections officials planned to mail out thousands of replacement ballots.
UNDATED: points each. Tina Thompson scored 27 points and Sheryl Swoopes added 15 for Houston, which ended a four-game losing streak and kept its playoff hopes.
Insurance Stocks Tumble on Fraud Case Woe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of insurers and insurance  brokers fell sharply on Friday for a second straight day after  New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer leveled fraud charges  against major industry players.
Amazon.com has sluggish Monday SEATTLE Amazon-dot-com says things are running normally again on its Web site after a sometimes sluggish Monday. A spokeswoman says the world #39;s largest Internet retailer began experiencing  quot;a slowness quot; Monday morning.
HD-DVD Sticks It To Blu-Ray......again Toshiba has hammered another nail in the Blu-Ray coffin, by announcing a dual layer HD-DVD and DVD disc. This means that studios will be able to sell discs that have the DVD version on one side and the HD-DVD
Laxman departs, India in trouble, 75 for four Nagpur, October 27: Laxman was out for 13. India were reduced to 75 for four in reply to Australia #39;s first innings 398 on the second day of the third Test on Wednesday.
Wenger fined for his wicked tongue; will not appeal Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger gets a penalty. The Frenchman received a record fine and a  quot;severe reprimand quot; from the English Football Association for his comments about Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy.
How to Learn a Language I've been a linguophile for a long time, and I'm always studying a little bit of some language or another. However, it's only recently that I've finally figured out the way that works best for me, with the help of modern technology. Perhaps this might help those of you who have been planning on learning a language some day.
Terrorists suspected of destroying Russian planes Russian officials are checking the identity of two female passengers in their investigiation into almost simultaneous plane crashes earlier this week.
Step change as Ofgem agrees price rise Electricity distribution companies in Great Britain will be allowed to raise their prices by an average of 1.3 per cent after inflation in 2005-2005, industry regulator Ofgem said on Monday.
Netsky scoops gongs in Sophos October viral count ANTI VIRAL firm Sophos released its monthly figures for the top viral attacks detected during October. And out of the top 10 threats to peace, quiet, and to Windows operating systems, different variants of the Netsky pesky took six out of the 10 placings.
EU judge to reach decision on Microsoft in December The European Union judge deciding whether Microsoft will have to reform its business practices will continue to take into account arguments made by Novell and a prominent
Kerry Hints GOP May Suppress Black Votes (AP) AP - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.
State #39;s smog police map route to cleaner air Riding popular Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger #39;s endorsement, state air quality regulators are expected to step up a campaign against global warming that could spark sticker-shock in auto showrooms over the next 10 years.
Celtic in seventh heaven as Thompson strike clinches win against Gers (AFP) AFP - Celtic clinched their seventh consecutive win against Rangers with a 1-0 win at Parkhead courtesy of a late Alan Thompson strike.
Rugby union-Lomu still hopeful of return to action Former All Black winger Jonah Lomu says he is still hopeful of a return to competitive rugby following his kidney transplant earlier this year.
Instant Analysis: Oklahoma at Kansas State Kansas State had Oklahoma on the run for a brief portion of the first half in Saturday #39;s game in Manhattan. But the Cats literally and figuratively dropped the ball, and Oklahoma - on offense and defense - proceeded
Gates', Ballmer's pay holding around \$900,000 Paychecks stay the same for the top two, but compensation changes for other Microsoft workers as stock grants replace options.\
Starters: Nothing was something Brandon Backe and Woody Williams pitched well last night even though neither earned a win. But their outings will show up in the record books.
Prefontaine boots Argos past Lions CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto Argonauts may need to brush up on tackling for the playoffs, but their pass rush and kicker Noel Prefontaine are in top form.
Stocks surge on Bush win Stocks surged Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials posting triple-digit gains as investors expressed relief following Sen. John Kerry #39;s concession to President Bush.
Cracks in the first family of business That there are problems between the Ambani brothers is not news, but Mukesh Ambanis admission that there could be a change in the equity pattern of the Reliance group caused the share prices of Reliance companies to drift downwards.
Racist Taunts Mar Soccer Match (AP) AP - Fans taunted black players on England's team Wednesday night during Spain's 1-0 victory in an exhibition game.
Firefox Flames Internet Explorer (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Anyone who thought the browser wars were over when Microsoft overpowered Netscape in the 1990s should think again.
Pfizer Sales to Be Hurt in Next 2 Years NEW YORK - Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. reiterated Tuesday it would meet its 2004 earnings target but said over the next two years it would lose \$14 billion in revenues because of patent expirations.
Disney shareholders to get their day in court Walt Disney Co. shareholders are to finally get their day in court, seven years after suing the company for allegedly wasting corporate assets by buying out the contract of former president Michael Ovitz for 140 million dollars.
Google Ogles Your Hard Drive The company that revolutionized the search of the Internet has now revolutionized searching your hard drive. Google #39;s (Nasdaq: GOOG) new Desktop Search utility is an incredibly
Rates set to be on hold for rest of year Bank of England policymakers did not even discuss raising interest rates earlier this month, raising the probability that borrowing costs will remain on
KPMG Units Agree to Pay to Settle Malpractice Suits The American and Belgian arms of KPMG International have agreed to pay \$115 million to settle claims of accounting malpractice.
CBS Says It Can't Vouch for Bush Documents CBS admitted today that it cannot vouch for the authenticity of documents used to support a story that questioned President Bush's National Guard service.
Sony Goes Ultra-Upscale If you had to ask what "Qualia" is, you probably weren't supposed to know about it.
78 Thai Muslims Suffocate to Death in Police Trucks PATTANI, Thailand, 27 October 2004 - At least 78 Muslims were suffocated or crushed to death after being arrested and packed into trucks by security forces following a riot in Muslim-dominated southern Thailand, officials said yesterday.
Coral Thrives on Sunken WWII Ships in Gulf (AP) AP - A University of Alabama scientist and other researchers have found coral growing at extreme depths in the Gulf of Mexico  #151; on several ships sunk during World War II by Nazi submarines.
Novak cruises into next round SECOND-seeded Jiri Novak cruised into the ATP Shanghai Open quarterfinals with a 6-4 6-7 (5) 6-1, victory today over Melle Van Gemerden of the Netherlands.
Tape of Bigley Decapitation Posted on Web BAGHDAD, Iraq - A videotape of the beheading of British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared Sunday on an Islamist Web site, showing the civil engineer pleading that he wanted "to live a simple life" moments before he was decapitated.    The nearly five-minute tape appeared two days after Bigley's family said it had proof that the 62-year-old civil engineer from Liverpool was dead...
Acquisition of Grey Puts Focus on Havas  LONDON (Reuters) - WPP's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPP.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPP.L&lt;/A&gt; \$1.31 billion acquisition  of U.S.-based Grey Global takes it to the top of the  advertising sector and puts the spotlight on France's Havas  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EURC.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EURC.PA&lt;/A&gt;, which failed in its bid and may now become a  takeover target itself.
Southwest Airlines 3Q Profit Increases Low-fare carrier Southwest Airlines Co. said Thursday that its third-quarter profit rose 12.3 percent to beat Wall Street expectations despite higher fuel costs.
Treasury Moves to Avoid Piercing Debt Limit The U.S. Treasury Department tapped into a federal employee pension fund Thursday as a stop-gap measure to keep the government below its \$7.384 trillion borrowing limit, Treasury Secretary John Snow said in a letter to Congress.
England: Terry paces Chelsea Defender John Terry scored twice in three minutes as Chelsea beat Charlton 4-0 Saturday to open up a five-point lead at the top of the English Premier League.
Top Officials Briefed on Pentagon Probe (AP) AP - Two high-ranking Defense Department officials have been briefed by FBI agents investigating a Pentagon analyst suspected of passing U.S. secrets about Iran to the Israeli government, officials said Monday.
Oil prices fall after steep run-up Crude oil futures prices fell around the globe yesterday following a steep run-up on Friday that was prompted by persistent concerns about winter fuel supplies.
North Korea Wants Talks, No Date Yet -- Britain  BEIJING (Reuters) - North Korea is committed to holding  six-party talks aimed at resolving the crisis over its nuclear  weapons program, but has not indicated when, a top British  official said on Tuesday.
Brazil's Trade Surplus Is Biggest Ever Brazil racked up its biggest trade surplus in history last year, but the country's export boom of everything from soybeans to automobiles is expected to ease in 2005.
WTO ruling on net gambling angers US The Bush administration dismissed as  quot;deeply flawed quot; a World Trade Organisation decision that the US has no right to ban cross-border gambling on the internet.
NBA Roundup: Sonics fly high again in Philly PHILADELPHIA - Wide open or contested, the Seattle SuperSonics hit three-pointers from all over the court. Ray Allen scored a season-high 37 points, Rashard Lewis had 21 and Vladimir Radmanovic added 20, leading
Canada slides past Sweden at Four Nations Cup CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It was sloppy game for Team Canada at the Four Nations Tournament, but Danielle Goyette saved the day. The 38-year-old veteran scored with just 1:16 left in the third period to lift her
Lejeune Marines Get Help From British Troops CAMP LEJEUNE, NC -- Camp Lejeune Marines patrolling south of Baghdad, Iraq, are getting help from British troops. The 24th Marine Exepeditionary Unit of some 2,200 troops says it is being reinforced by some
'Sabado Gigante' Interviews Bush, Kerry (AP) AP - President Bush and his Democratic rival, John Kerry, both gave interviews to the Spanish-language network Univision that will appear on the popular Saturday night variety show "Sabado Gigante."
Oil Up, U.S. Storm Season Fuels Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices surged almost a dollar  on Friday on worries that the ongoing storm season in the U.S.  Gulf would continue to hamper energy production and imports,  delaying vital pre-winter stock building.
Disaster Toll Tripled in 2003 Amid Quakes, Heatwave Natural disasters killed 76,806 people in 2003, three times the number of victims in 2002, a rise due in part to extremes in the global climate, the world #39;s largest humanitarian body said on Thursday.
Pay music services have limits Consumers may not be getting what they think when they pay to download music. After years of resisting the inevitable, the music industry has responded to the music download phenomenon by offering music in digital formats through online stores.
Biaggi breaks leg in training accident Italian MotoGP rider Max Biaggi has broken his leg in training and will be out of action for at least two months, ANSA news agency reported on Monday.
Nasa jet set for speed record bid An  quot;air-breathing quot; test plane will attempt to break a world speed record for the second time in a year by flying at nearly 10 times the speed of sound.
Indian Web Sales of Taxless Tobacco Face New Pressure Online sales of untaxed cigarettes are provoking a stampede of protests from a disparate collection of antitobacco groups, cash-strapped state governments and local retailers.
Top Pakistani Al-Qaeda suspect killed KARACHI (Pakistan) - Paramilitary police have killed a suspected top Al-Qaeda operative wanted for his alleged role in the slaying of a Wall Street Journal reporter and two assassination attempts against President Pervez Musharraf, the Information
UPDATE 1-Trump bondholders agree on recapitalization plan Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts Inc. (DJTC.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , which has been on the brink of bankruptcy, said on Thursday that bondholders have approved the company #39;s
Memphis Grizzlies Team Report - November 15 The Grizzlies were led by Gasol #39;s 25 points, while Mike Miller added 18. Memphis had six players in double figures. Memphis forged ahead 110-107, before Ray Allen nailed a three-pointer to tie it at 110 with 2:43 left.
Nuclear non-proliferation dominates IAEA conference The 48th General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) concluded Friday evening with a call for the prevention of the proliferation of weapons of mass
Iraqi Troops Raid Baghdad Mosque, 17 Detained  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Hundreds of Iraqi troops backed by U.S.  forces stormed a Sunni Muslim mosque in Baghdad after Friday  prayers, killing four people and wounding at least nine,  witnesses and an influential group of Sunni clerics said.
The Geminids are coming It #39;s the end of the year and what better way for stargazers to close it out than by viewing the best meteor shower of 2004? The Geminid meteor shower occurs mid-December every year.
News in brief Up to 40 suspected Islamist militants have been killed by Pakistani troops hunting al-Qaeda fighters close to the Afghan border. Several militant hideouts were also destroyed in the western region of South
Suspected Militants Killed in Saudi Clash RIYADH, Saudi Arabia Oct. 12, 2004 - Three suspected Saudi militants armed with guns and hand grenades including one militant on the country #39;s most-wanted list were killed in a clash with Saudi security forces, officials said Tuesday.
Ricky Williams asks league to clarify his status Ricky Williams has asked the NFL for a hearing to clarify his playing status, a possible first step if the running back tries to return to the league.
USC Retains Top Spot in AP Football Poll (AP) AP - A week after losing some support as the No. 1 team, Southern California got it right back. Top-ranked USC received 52 first-place votes, four more than last week, and 1,610 points in The Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday. In the previous poll, Southern Cal lost three first-place votes.
Ga. evolution dispute embarrasses some First, Georgia #39;s education chief tried to take the word  quot;evolution quot; out of the state #39;s science curriculum. Now a suburban Atlanta county is in federal court over textbook stickers
UN council mulls Sudan resolution, US to speak on genocide UNITED NATIONS : The UN Security Council was to discuss a new US draft resolution aimed at tightening the pressure on Sudan over the crisis in Darfur, including possible sanctions on its oil sector.
SourceLabs Gets Venture Funding  quot;There is clearly a lot of pent-up momentum, quot; says SourceLabs #39; Cornelius Willis.  quot;Companies want to get off of proprietary technology, but have been hesitant because of the lack of support.
Skype Offers Free Wireless Voice Calls The Siemens handset has been designed to provide cordless access to Skype features including free Skype-to-Skype calling, buddy lists, the Skype Global Directory and conference calling.
Jets (Eventually) Down Browns, 10-7 For more than three quarters on Sunday, it appeared as if the Jets wouldnt find the end zone if it was loaded with uranium and Quincy Carter was armed with a Geiger counter.
Annan Sees Hope for Great Lakes Peace  DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - U.N Secretary General Kofi Annan  urged leaders of Africa's resource-rich but blood-soaked Great  Lakes region on Friday to implement a peace plan that could  herald a "new era" for millions of Africans.
Internet Emerges As Potent Terrorist Tool (AP) AP - The images coming out of the latest hostage crisis in Iraq  #151; capped by dramatic video of British captive Kenneth Bigley begging for his life  #151; have transfixed Britons, left governments looking helpless, and revived a classic dilemma about whether to negotiate with terrorists.
Soccer: Chelsea United the key for Mourinho LONDON : Jose Mourinho is amazed by the team spirit amongst his Chelsea stars and insists it is making them unbeatable. The Portuguese boss guided Porto to Champions League glory last season with a team that
Bank Joins Team Fighting Man Utd Takeover Japanese investment bank Nomura has been working on a financial package to block a takeover of Manchester United, it was reported today.
Beazer notifies \$80.1 million 4Q profit Beazer Homes USA Inc., the US homebuilder, has announced that fourth-quarter earnings increase as a result of home orders growth in Mid-Atlantic, Southeast and West regions.
Alitalia revisions swell its loss MILAN The Italian airline Alitalia, in a restatement Wednesday of its results for the first half of the year, almost doubled its previously reported loss to 620 million as it set aside money to pay for a restructuring plan.
Beltran causes Cardinals concern Not to the Astros, not to the St. Louis Cardinals and certainly not to the Atlanta Braves, who saw firsthand what kind of impact he can have by feasting on the league #39;s best pitching staff during the National League Division Series.
Barber #39;s reinvention helps lift Giants (Oct. 6, 2004) -- The New York Giants easily qualify as one of the biggest surprise teams of the first quarter of the NFL season. And Tiki Barber easily qualifies as one of their biggest surprise players.
UN Rights Officials Talks of War Crimes in Darfur  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. envoys told the Security  Council on Thursday that war crimes had probably occurred on "a  large and systematic scale" in Sudan's Darfur region and called  for foreign police to help stop abuses.
Video Game Review: 'Political Machine' (AP) AP - Political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with "The Political Machine."
Quiet first half hits EMI profits Music giant EMI sees profits fall in the first half of the year after opting to delay its major releases.
Open Source: Balancing Innovation and Risk The world of software development traditionally was a clandestine one, where developers in the bowels of their institution were entrenched in writing thousands of lines of code to meet ever-changing business requirements.
Charley Shows Progress, Pitfalls in Forecasting (Reuters) Reuters - A few decades ago, the earliest warning\Floridians would have had of a hurricane would have been black\clouds on the horizon. Now people are complaining after\Hurricane Charley hit shore at a point just 60 miles off from\the track projected by meteorologists.
China to launch Shenzhou VI China #39;s first manned spaceship, the Shenzhou V, was launched in October last year with one Chinese astronaut aboard for a one-day flight.
Vodafone Makes Sun Its Preferred IT Vendor (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Vodafone signs a global purchasing agreement with Sun that gives Vodafone consistent terms for Sun's hardware, software and services product line.
Tyson trimmed on earnings warning CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Tyson Foods shares dropped more than 8 percent Monday after the poultry producer cut its profit outlook for fiscal 2004, citing poor grain hedging and weaker demand for chicken and beef, as well as higher material costs.
Buddhists live in fear as reprisal attacks mount in Thailand's south (AFP) AFP - Buddhists in southern Thailand say they are living in fear of attack by militants out of revenge for the violent deaths of 87 Muslims at the hands of Thai security forces.
Blasts Inside Green Zone Kill at Least Five Attack was the first time insurgents had penetrated the heavily protected area that is the home of the Iraqi government and U.S. officials.
Backward chute switch probed NASA #39;s Genesis space capsule crashed in the Utah desert last month because a critical piece of equipment that was supposed to trigger the release of two parachutes was apparently installed backward, NASA officials said Thursday.
International Space Station Crew Plans New Missions STAR CITY, Russia (AP) -- The next crew for the international space station said Thursday it will conduct experiments to research new AIDS vaccines and plant growth and work on new space vehicles that will help future missions to the moon and Mars.    Russian cosmonaut Salizhan Sharipov and U.S...
DC #39;s baseball win official Proclaiming it a great day in Washington, Mayor Tony Williams confirmed Wednesday afternoon that Major League Baseball is returning to Washington.
Vendors seek certification for application security tools Four small security software vendors have teamed up to develop a set of technical criteria for tools designed to secure Web applications. They also invited Cisco and other large IT vendors to take part in the certification program.
BMW Unveils World's Fastest Hydrogen-Powered Car (Reuters) Reuters - German luxury carmaker BMW unveiled the\world's fastest hydrogen-powered car at the Paris auto show on\Wednesday, dubbed the H2R, capable of exceeding 300 kilometers\(185 miles) per hour.
Warburg, Providence to buy Telcordia for \$1.3 bln-WSJ Warburg Pincus Equity Partners and Providence Equity Partners are close to buying telecommunications-software company Telcordia Technologies Inc.
* Norway seriously concerned over factional killings Sept 29, Colombo: The Norwegian government has expressed serious concern over the political killings in Sri Lanka. Norwegian Ambassador in Colombo Hans Brattskar made this statement when he met SP Tamilselvan
Romania Anxiously Awaits Presidential Run-Off Count (Reuters) Reuters - Romanians anxiously awaited an\official count on Monday to reveal who will be their next\president after exit polls from Sunday's run-off vote put Prime\Minister Adrian Nastase and centrist opposition leader Traian\Basescu neck-and-neck.
Anti-Spyware Legislation Could Pass This Year the computer programs that surreptitiously track people #39;s online movements -- are steamrolling their way through Congress and a combined proposal could
N.B.A. Sits It Out as Pacers Plead Case Four of the Pacers involved in last month's brawl pleaded their cases before an independent arbitrator on Thursday, but no representative from the N.B.A attended.
The Fall-Out from Vioxx Pharmaceutical giant Merck  amp; Co. chose to go on the offensive and voluntarily withdraw its arthritis drug Vioxx from the market Thursday.
Decision near Jim Leyland #39;s brief flirtation with the Mets officially ended yesterday, and general manager Omar Minaya is prepared to select a manager after today #39;s second round of interviews with Willie Randolph, Rudy Jaramillo and Terry Collins.
Stewart to start serving prison time by Oct. 8 NEW YORK -- Martha Stewart must report to prison by Oct. 8, a federal judge ruled Tuesday in granting the celebrity homemaker #39;s request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale.
Sun: We #39;ve turned over a new leaf com September 21, 2004, 10:08 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
ATI annuncia nuova tecnologia  quot;HyperMemory quot; Con il comunicato stampa che trovate qui sotto, ATI ha annunciato  quot;HyperMemory quot; una tecnologia che grazie a particolari algoritmi consente un veloce scambio di dati tra la scheda grafica e la memoria ram di sistema.
France #39;s AXA Faces Poll Delay In Australian Unit Buyout MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--France #39;s AXA SA (AXA) faces a six-week delay in its attempt to move to full ownership of its Australian insurance subsidiary, with the Australian
IBM posts documentation for Cloudscape The resources IBM will provide include articles to help Java developers use the Cloudscape database in custom application development.
CommScope Shares Plunge 3Q on Sales View Shares of CommScope Inc. fell more than 20 percent in the extended session Monday after the maker of coaxial and fiber-optic cables revised its sales outlook and announced plans for cost reductions and price increases.
Frances May Delay Shuttle Flights CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- No storm in history has done more damage to the Kennedy Space Center than Hurricane Frances did. Officials at the Florida facility said the storm tore about 1,000 exterior panels from the Vehicle Assembly Building.
IBM Releases DB2 Information Integrator (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company says "Masala" includes search technology that will make it "dramatically easier to access information of all different kinds" in a unified search, including e-mail files, text documents, video and audio clips.
U.S. Troop Numbers in Iraq to Hit Record 150,000 (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. military will boost its\troops in Iraq to 150,000 this month, the highest level since\the war began in March 2003, in order to improve security for\scheduled Jan 30. elections, the Pentagon said on Wednesday.
NFL Wrap: Buffalo Bills Defeat New York Jets ORCHARD PARK, NY (Sports Network) - Willis McGahee ran for 132 yards and a touchdown to lead the Buffalo Bills to a 22-17 victory over the New York Jets at Ralph Wilson Stadium.
Heineken boosts African position Heineken buys a majority stake in Nigerian brewer Consolidated Breweries, boosting its position in Africa's second-largest market.
NL Wrap: Maddux, Sosa Lead Cubs to Victory Over Expos  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Greg Maddux tossed seven innings of  shutout ball and helped his own cause with a pair of singles as  the Chicago Cubs downed the Expos 5-2 in National League action  in Montreal Monday.
History says Redskins defeat the end for Bush Washington - The Washington Redskins has lost to the Green Pay Packers on Sunday and thus, according to a sporting legend that has proved eerily accurate, President George Bush is bound to lose the White House.
Stocks Set to Open Flat; Oil Eyed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open flat on  Friday, with investors expecting the market to stem recent  losses, while high oil prices fueled concerns of slowing  corporate profits and consumer spending.
Two NCSSM students win national team science competition Two students at the Durham NC School of Science and Mathematics will split \$100,000 in scholarship money for their cancer research.
Delta dodges bankruptcy with labor deal Deal cuts pilots #39; pay by one third, saves \$1Ba year, avoids bankruptcy at No. 3 airline -- for now. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Delta Air Lines #39; pilots union said early Thursday it had reached a tentative agreement
Stewart Begins Five-Month Prison Sentence ALDERSON, W.Va. - Martha Stewart reported to prison before sunrise Friday to begin serving a five-month sentence for lying about a stock sale, slipping all-but-unnoticed past waiting supporters and reporters...
Albertson's Second-Quarter Profits Drop The fall in earnings was due to the continuing impact of the company's California labor dispute and increased payments to health and welfare plans to fund deficits.
Iraq Clears Debt, Opens Way for Aid  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iraq cleared around \$81 million in  debt it owed the International Monetary Fund late last week,  fund sources said on Monday, opening the way for the first aid  to flow from the global lender to Iraq.
AG sues to stop apparent telecom scam Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly moved yesterday to rescue nearly 200 Bay State businesses from an apparent telecommunications scam that bound many to pay \$100,000 or more for a black-box device called  quot;The Matrix quot; that turned out to be worthless.
Dell bashes  #39;big iron #39; com December 7, 2004, 4:22 PM PT. SAN FRANCISCO--Top Dell executives disparaged the  quot;big iron quot; approach of building large, powerful servers on Tuesday--a dig at rivals IBM, Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard.
Unions in talks over Jaguar blow Unions are to hold an emergency meeting with workers at the doomed Browns Lane Jaguar plant in Coventry. Parent company Ford plans to stop car production at the plant, with 400 voluntary redundancies and 425 jobs moved to the Castle Bromwich factory.
Not All Dutch Auctions Are Equal Jeff Stacey, managing director of researcher IPO Monitor in Los Angeles, says Dutch auctions are designed to set the price accurately right away.
US, Iraqi forces seek to reclaim control of 3 cities Airstrikes are used in Tal Afar and Fallujah with more than 60 killed in  quot;no-go quot; zones. An Iraqi soldier guards the road near radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr #39;s office.
France Shocks Russia to 1-1 Tie at Fed Cup Prior to her opening-round match in the Fed Cup final Saturday, Svetlana Kuznetsova said her loss to Nathalie Dechy in their lone meeting last January was an anomaly, since it was before she became US OPEN WINNER SVETLANA KUZNETSOVA.
Some Strange Twists in Music Piracy Lawsuits By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A woman in Milwaukee and her ex-boyfriend are under orders to pay thousands to the recording industry. A man in California refinanced his home to pay an \$11,000 settlement...
The skinny on Wariner: He #39;s fast ATHENS, Greece -- He was leading the race, but for some reason, you just had the feeling he might slow down. I don #39;t know what it was about American Jeremy Wariner, his technique or thin muscles or something
U.S. and Iraqi Forces Complete Takeover of Samarra U.S. forces said they are beginning the second phase of the operation, turning the city over to Iraqi police and military forces.
Jail-bound Martha nets \$2m Martha Stewart has had some good news just before she heads off to jail - a new contract from her company worth more than \$2ma year.
Wall Street expected to surge at open Market watchers expect the US stock market to surge at Wednesdays open, as Wall Street bets that President George W. Bush has likely won re-election at the nations president
News and Trends There is currently some confusion over the status of Sender ID in the IETF #39;s MARID working group which has been considering the proposed standard.
Williams-Sonoma Profit Up; Stock Jumps  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Williams-Sonoma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WSM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WSM.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday posted a better-than-expected 55 percent increase in  quarterly profit, sending its stock up 10 percent, as sales  jumped at its Pottery Barn chain.
Baseball: Bonds wins seventh MVP award NEW YORK : San Francisco #39;s Barry Bonds, whose Major League Baseball feats have been dogged by unproven steroid suspicions, became the oldest player to win the National League Most Valuable Player award.
Reheating Big Bang's Leftovers Astronomers say they have found some of the earliest galaxies, which will help to piece together the history of the early universe. Some suspect galaxies took longer to form than previously thought. By John Gartner.
Mickelson Switches to Callaway Equipment (AP) AP - It didn't take Masters champion Phil Mickelson long to find a new equipment deal, signing an endorsement contract with Callaway Golf on Tuesday just one week after he left Titleist.
Brazil Official Eyes Secret Military Files (AP) AP - A Brazilian government party official on Wednesday urged the opening of sealed records that could contain details of citizens tortured and killed by the former 21-year military dictatorship.
For Brandeis women, situation is unbeatable Few schools boast a list of faculty and alumni as distinguished -- or as eclectic -- as Brandeis University.
Deadly Ivan Slams Appalachian Region CASHIERS, N.C. - The violent remains of Hurricane Ivan pounded a large swath of the eastern United States on Friday, drenching an area from Georgia to Ohio, washing out dozens of homes, sweeping cars down roadways and trapping more than 100 students at an elementary school...
The Old World Becomes A Little Newer (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - Europe has long been an innovation leader. Centuries ago, Johannes Gutenberg  revolutionized practically everything with his technological marvel, the printing press. Europe's modern-day innovators have changed how we work and play with inventions such as compact disks, the World Wide Web, and the Linux operating system. Today, engineers at Airbus are pushing the envelope with the world's biggest commercial aircraft, the 600-seat, double-decker A380 superjumbo. ...
Supercomputers: The fastest in the land IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L takes the top prize, proving it #39;s not the size of your computer, but the number of teraflops. In the computing drag-race, IBM #39;s new Blue Gene/L is greased lightning.
Iowa waits out Louisville After staying close in the first half against a No. 12 Louisville team that was shooting 61 percent, Iowa coach Steve Alford knew it was only a matter of time before his Hawkeyes #39; defense would change the momentum.
Football: Game 6: the Jets; Gaining Advantage; Wr Givens Steps Up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FOXBORO - The wide receivers have been the most significant contributors to the Patriots #39; inactive list this season. Every week quarterback Tom Brady counts on one of his receivers to fill the void created
Dollar hits new record euro low The dollar hits yet another record low against the euro on speculation Russia may increase reserves of the single currency.
Private Spacecraft Makes Successful Trip to Space The private spacecraft SpaceShipOne briefly entered space above the California desert Wednesday, completing the first of two qualifying flights for the \$10 million X Prize.
Nintendo DS Launches in the US 300-plus people lineup at the EB Games in Universal City. And then the PictoChatting begins. November 21, 2004 - Who says Nintendo doesn #39;t know how to throw a party?
Small College Debates Its High-Tech Gamble Small, poor and 45 minutes from the nearest town with a shopping mall, West Virginia Wesleyan College couldn't attract enough students to fill its classrooms and improve its struggling finances. To survive and thrive, it needed to stand out. The answer, college leaders decided, was technology.
Raikkonen wins Belgian Grand Prix; Schumacher second CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Michael Schumacher wasn #39;t in the winner #39;s circle at Sunday #39;s Belgian Grand Prix, but still managed to make some noise.
E-vote vendors to submit software for safekeeping, possible recounts Five voting machine makers have agreed for the first time to submit their software to the National Software Reference Library for safekeeping, federal officials said
Report-Lehman Near Deal on Enron Lawsuits  NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LEH.N&lt;/A&gt; is close to settling a class action lawsuit for \$220  million stemming from allegations that it colluded with other  brokerages to mislead Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; shareholders, the  Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.
Apple Jumps Ahead of HP iPod, iMac Launch &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Apple Computer Inc.\&lt;AAPL.O&gt; rose to an almost four-year high on Thursday ahead of\the launch of Hewlett-Packard Co.'s &lt;HPQ.N&gt; version of the iPod\digital music player and Apple's revamped iMac computer.&lt;/p&gt;
Judge in London gives okay to let premature baby die LONDON (AFP) - Doctors caring for a critically-ill premature baby, Charlotte Wyatt, were given permission by a British judge to allow her to die if her condition seriously deteriorates and her breathing stops.
Senate Panel Waters Down McCain Television Bill Broadcasters beat back a proposal that would have required them to give up their current analog channels by 2009 as their allies on the Senate Commerce Committee
Britain admits cost of ID cards will be almost double estimate (AFP) AFP - The British government has admitted the cost of introducing identity cards will be almost double its original estimate of three billion pounds (5.6 billion dollars, 4.3 billion euros)), the Financial Times reported.
AMD Introduces 64-Bit Mobile Processor AMD has launched the Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processor, a low-power version of its 32/64-bit chip aimed at the thin-and-light notebook market.
France hopeful that journalists will be released Signs suggest hope for a possible release of the two French journalists held hostage in Iraq, Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin said Saturday.
Prayer Breakfast Draws Strong Tech Turnout A growing number of technology executives believe that their Christianity should be part of their work as well as their private lives.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Microsoft math: dual core licensed as one chip Microsoft will continue to charge its customers for a single processor license once a new crop of hardware servers with the equivalent of two microprocessors on each chip hit the market next year.
Germany hints at softer stance on Iraq LONDON : German Defence Minister Peter Struck appeared in an interview with Britain #39;s Financial Times newspaper to soften his country #39;s stance on Iraq, hinting that Germany might deploy troops if conditions there change.
MARKET AS UNRELIABLE AS THE POLLS THIS past week will go down as one of the most shocking in the annals of modern American history - a once-in-a generation election, when the most powerful and prescient prognosticator known to man, got it all wrong.
Bielsa quits Argentine coaching post Argentina coach Marcelo Bielsa has made a surprising decision of resigning on Tuesday after he steered his country to their first Olympic soccer gold medal in Athens.
Pakistan Arrests Suspect in U.S. Consulate Blast (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani security forces have\arrested an Islamic militant suspected of involvement in a 2002\bomb attack on the U.S. consulate in Karachi in which 12\Pakistanis were killed, officials said on Thursday.
Florida authorities searching 58,000 missing ballots (AFP) AFP - Authorities in Florida were looking for 58,000 absentee ballots whose disappearance stirred renewed controversy in the state that held up the 2000 presidential election for five weeks.
Technical breakthrough boosts Broadband Britain Broadband should be available through 99.4 per cent of phone lines by next summer thanks to a technical breakthrough by BT.
Online companies facing huge losses in battling Web extortion So when he got an e-mail from gangsters threatening to bring his online sports betting operation to its knees, he paid up. Before long, though, the thugs wanted \$40,000.
US Pounds Falluja Diehards, Violence in North  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. artillery pummeled Falluja  on Wednesday and troops hunted guerrillas still fighting days  after Washington said its offensive had destroyed rebel control  of the Sunni Muslim city west of Baghdad.
England held by Austria, Greece stunned in Albania England #39;s World Cup qualifying campaign got off to a miserable start yesterday when it squandered a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 with Austria in Group Six.
Quake Hits California 11 Years Late More than 11 years after scientists predicted it would occur, a strong earthquake rocked the central California town of Parkfield on Tuesday morning.
US admits 'bounty hunter' contact The US Department of Defense admits having been in contact with alleged 'bounty hunter' Jack Idema.
Apple issues Mac OS X security update Update addresses potential denial-of-service vulnerabilities as well as a flaw in QuickTime.
Standard Chartered wins bid for Permata Standard Chartered has won a controlling stake in Indonesia #39;s seventh-largest bank with a bid of \$305 million (170 million pounds), gaining
Gregan agrees Wallabies contract Australia captain George Gregan is set to sign a new three-year contract to take him through to the 2007 World Cup. Sydney #39;s Daily Telegraph newspaper claimed the 31-year-old scrum-half is ready to put pen to paper on the deal.
IBM Offers New POWER5 eServer i5 550 IBM has unveiled today a new POWER5 system, the eServer i5 550, aimed at mid-sized businesses. The eServer i5 550 features a new Solution Edition, an offering now available with select software vendors. The new eServer i5 also delivers new capabilities ...
Japan Now Unsure if N. Korea to Launch (AP) AP - Japan said Thursday it had obtained intelligence indicating that North Korea may be preparing to test fire a short-range missile that could reach most of the main Japanese islands, in what would be the latest provocation from the communist country.
Israeli helicopters fire missiles on Gaza camps Israeli helicopters Friday night firedtwo or three missiles on a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip,witnesses said. The witnesses said that the missiles hit a warehouse in theMughazi refugee camp and set it on fire.
Herbert  Haft Redefined The Rules of Retail In the Washington retail landscape, only a few signs of Herbert H. Haft's business empire remain. But his contribution to the way Americans shop is felt every day by just about any consumer who buys a product at a discount.
Polish Hostage Freed in Iraq Already in Warsaw  WARSAW (Reuters) - A Polish woman held hostage in Iraq by a  militant group since October has been freed and said on  Saturday her captors had treated her well.
Red Bull hoping they can give Coulthard wins David Coulthard is in pole position for a Formula One drive with Red Bull Racing in 2005. Team managing director David Pitchforth clearly backs Coulthard and hopes a deal might be concluded before the resumption of preseason testing next month.
A breath of fresh heir at BU Incoming Boston University freshman Chris Bourque recently filled out the Terriers' standard player form that is kept on file at the school's sports information office.  quot;It's all the usual stuff -- date of birth, height, weight, and all that, quot; said Ed Carpenter, who has headed up the sports information department for some 30 years.  quot;But the part I liked best ...
NASA: Space Shuttle Fixed Last year a chunk of the foam damaged a wing of the Columbia, leading to the breakup of the shuttle high over Texas. NASA is aiming for three shuttle flights in 2005.
Ivorian president fires army chief Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo has fired his army chief of staff, Gen Mathias Doue, the BBC reported Saturday. Gbagbo hired Col Philipe Mangou, the field commander
Red Cross Calls For More Help For Hurricane Victims MANCHESTER, NH -- More victims of Hurricane Charley returned to the devastation Friday, Red Cross officials said more help is needed.
Halo 2 heads out Following a flurry of midnight sales, one of 2004 #39;s most anticipated Xbox titles is in gamers #39; hands. Almost three years to the day after Halo: Combat Evolved first crash-landed onto the Xbox, its sequel has finally arrived.
Smartphones suffer Skulls attack Owners of the Nokia 7610 are warned to look out for a malicious program that makes phones almost useless.
Casio Combines LCD, Fingerprint Sensor (PC World) PC World - Technology will allow the addition of biometric security to cell phones, PDAs.
U.S. Forces Set for Imminent Assault on Iraq's Falluja (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. military sealed off Falluja on\Friday and launched a night of air strikes on the rebel city\ahead of an assault seen as critical to the interim\government's attempt to pacify Iraq before January polls.
Two French Journalists Missing in Iraq - Ministry (Reuters) Reuters - Two French journalists are missing in\Iraq and have not been heard from since Thursday, the Foreign\Ministry in Paris said Saturday.
The Complete Guide to iPod photo Pictures If you #39;re reading this, you either have a brand new iPod photo or are thinking about getting one. In either case, you #39;re probably excited about carrying your entire digital photo
Alberta Senate election candidates question Klein's resolve on Senate reform (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Senate reform will not be taken seriously by Ottawa unless Premier Ralph Klein gets more strongly behind the issue, say candidates in Alberta's Senate selection race.
Snow says US tax reforms likely to focus on capital Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Thursday that future revisions to the US tax code would likely feature more write-offs to capital purchases by businesses.
Bush Signs Into Law Debt Ceiling Increase  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Friday signed into  law a measure authorizing an \$800 billion increase in the  credit limit of the United States, the White House said.
New Era for Cambodia as King Sihamoni Ascends Throne (Reuters) Reuters - In a ceremony full of pageantry and\hope, King Norodom Sihamoni ascended the Cambodian throne on\Friday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying\to draw a line under its bloody, genocidal past.
Wage gains stay ahead of inflation in August Gains in workers #39; pay outpaced inflation for the second straight month in August, the government said Thursday in a report suggesting subdued price pressures are helping employees come out slightly ahead.
Blair #39;s Silence Is  #39;Kiss of Death #39; for Hostage The silence of Prime Minister Tony Blair is the kiss of death for British hostage Ken Bigley, his brother claimed tonight. Paul Bigley, who dramatically
Oracle may cut its offer for PeopleSoft as much as one-third Oracle Corp. is thinking about cutting its offer for PeopleSoft by one-third to a one-fourth. Oracle Co-president Safra Catz made the statement Monday, citing PeopleSoft #39;s 2004 performance as the chief reason
\$149 million lottery winner:  #39;No idea #39; what #39;s next NEW YORK New mega-millionaire Juan Rodriguez hasn #39;t quit his job at a Manhattan parking garage -- at least, not yet. Rodriguez won the 149 (M) million dollar Mega Millions lottery jackpot.
Hawk Watch: Where to See Fall's Migrating Raptors While leaves tumble from trees this fall, another natural wonder is soaring overhead. Hawks in North and South America are taking to the air as part of a seasonal migration.
CORRECTED-Lyle in race for Ryder Cup captaincy Please read second paragraph as  quot;Lyle, 46, told television programme Scotland Today quot; instead of  quot;daily newspaper Scotland Today quot;.
Pressure-packed SEC Few coaches have endured the public scrutiny that has clouded Ron Zook #39;s tenure at Florida. From the moment his hiring became official, Zook was ostracized by fans and the media.
Mateschitz: Coulthard will lead Red Bull. David Coulthard will lead the Red Bull Racing team next season, according to quotes attributed to new owner Dietrich Mateschitz. Although the team has yet to issue official confirmation of a deal with the
Survey finds digital divide among federal CISOs A survey released today indicates that federal chief information security officers at agencies with small budgets are struggling under the weight of regulatory paperwork, while counterparts at larger agencies have the time, money and manpower to work on strategic planning.
Best Defense: More Offense In the debate, John Kerry was on the offensive on topics like tax cuts in wartime, prescription drug imports and the deficit.
China to Let Individuals Trade in Gold China #39;s gold-crazed masses will be allowed to trade in the precious metal under reforms that will upgrade trading on the country #39;s nascent market, state media reported Tuesday.
Experts Welcome, But Doubt, Bush Climate Softening (Reuters) Reuters - Environmental experts Friday\welcomed a hint of a softening in U.S. skepticism about global\warming but saw little chance President Bush might rejoin\international efforts to cap greenhouse gases.
Lakers 117, SuperSonics 91 Caron Butler scored 18 points in the first quarter and the Los Angeles Lakers won their third straight preseason game, 117-91 over the Seattle SuperSonics on Monday night.
Dell pulls out blades in Paris Dell has belatedly joined its competitors in offering own-design blade servers with the launch in Paris on Monday afternoon of the PowerEdge 1855.
Rangers #39; Moore out two months Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers defender Craig Moore is expected to be out eight weeks as he will have hernia surgery Monday.
The Last Noel If destructible DVDs are going to have a fair shot, distributors are going to have to test the concept by releasing a film that is reasonably in demand.
ArvinMeritor posts \$153 million loss in quarter after unit sale Auto supplier #39;s shares rise after it says it will sell more companies that aren #39;t market leaders. By Jeff Green and Jeff Bennett / Bloomberg News.
Stocks Slightly Ahead, Lower Oil Helps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly higher on  Tuesday, with lower oil prices helping support markets, but  Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; dragged on the Dow following a report  of a possible \$24 billion takeover of cardiovascular device  maker Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;.
MLB, O's Talk Deal Baseball will continue negotiations with Peter G. Angelos on a financial package that could clear a path for the Expos to begin play at RFK Stadium in time for Opening Day.
SBC lowers projected cost of fiber buildout NEW YORK SBC Communications is lowering the projected cost of its program to bring fiber-optic cables to the edge of most neighborhoods.
SEC files civil charges against Black, Radler Civil fraud charges were filed Monday against media baron Conrad Black and lieutenant David Radler for allegedly treating Hollinger International Inc.
Manufacturers #39; confidence dips Manufacturers #39; business confidence in the three months to October deteriorated to its weakest level since the middle of last year as input prices, particularly oil, remained high, a survey shows.
Clearly Carly in women #39;s all-around As Carly Patterson waited for her final routine Thursday night, her coach looked into her eyes and saw a fire that burned brighter than the Olympic flame.
Opec likely to focus on quota busters Cairo - The push to cut Opec oil production grew yesterday with the minister of the United Arab Emirates saying on the eve of a meeting of the oil producers #39; cartel that members had to honour output quotas to stem oversupply and falling prices.
Two UK troops killed in Iraq ambush Two British soldiers have been killed following an ambush on a convoy near the southern Iraqi city of Basra on Tuesday morning, a Ministry of Defence spokesman said.
Veteran tight ends get pink slip If Shannon Sharpe, who was at the Broncos #39; exhibition finale on Thursday and spotted at team headquarters this weekend, wanted to he could roll off the
Swatch #39;s Paparazzi Watch Receives Wireless Information Swatch has introduced the Paparazzi watch. The Paparazzi is a watch capable of displaying information it receives wirelessly through FM radio transmissions.
House prices down by 1.1 HOUSE prices have shown their largest decline in four years, according to figures out yesterday. The data came as the Bank of England announced that its interest rates would stay at 4.75 per cent.
Bush, Kerry Campaign in West Before Debate (AP) AP - Bracing for their final debate, John Kerry accused President Bush of favoring "friends in the oil industry" over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on Monday while Bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to "a nuisance" akin to prostitution or illegal gambling.
14th-Ranked Virginia Downs Duke DURHAM, North Carolina (Sports Network) - Alvin Pearman ran for 223 yards and a touchdown on 38 carries and Wali Lundy added two touchdown runs to lead 14th-ranked Virginia to a 37-16 win over Duke in the Atlantic Coast Conference at Wallace Wade Stadium.
== Wariner #39;s gold leads US to sweep in men #39;s 400 meters === Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American Jeremy Wariner led the United States to a sweep of the medals in the men #39;s 400 meter sprint Monday night at the Olympics.
Airbus A350 Unleashes New War with Boeing  PARIS (Reuters) - European planemaker Airbus won approval  from its shareholders on Friday to unleash a fresh marketing  battle against arch-rival Boeing by seeking orders for a  fuel-saving, wide-body jet to be called the A350.
Bloglines Adds International RSS Feed Reading Bloglines Adds International RSS Feed Reading\\Bloglines, an online service for searching and subscribing to news feeds, blogs and rich web content today unveiled an internationalized web site that allows people who speak Chinese, French, German, Japanese, Portuguese and Spanish to join and navigate the Bloglines service in their native languages. ...
Doubts raised about robots fixing Hubble The nation #39;s most prominent science advisers Wednesday urged NASA to send shuttle astronauts instead of robots on a repair mission to the aging Hubble telescope because humans have a substantially greater chance of fixing it.
Quieroz defends under-fire Rooney REDS coach Carlos Quieroz believes Wayne Rooney has received an excessive amount of criticism due to being a Manchester United player.
Greener pastures--and wallets--for tech workers? Study predicts better salaries and more competitive IT job market in the next three years.
IBM mulls sale of PC business IBM, seeking to exit an industry it helped pioneer two decades ago, hired Merrill Lynch to find a buyer for its personal-computer unit.
Kite-Assisted Expeditions Cover New Ground #151;Fast Earthbound adventurers outfitted with special kites and harnesses are using wind power to reach some of the most remote spots on the planet.
US cybersecurity chief abruptly resigns The government #39;s cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the Department of Homeland Security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues within the
Once highflying, unions hit turbulence Has anyone in the labor movement lost more altitude than the unionized pilots at the nation's biggest airlines? Until recently, they had it all: great pay, great benefits, and a great lifestyle, thanks to work rules that required senior pilots to fly only about 40 hours per month. But like the heroes in a Greek tragedy, the pilots have tumbled ...
Redefining the role of academic research Charles M. Vest, who will be stepping down next month as the president of MIT, personifies his school's famed ''engineering mentality. quot; Simply put, this is the inclination to find a problem and fix it.
Comfortable win escapes Cubs Victor Diaz grew up a Chicago Cubs fan, and on Saturday he beat his one-time favorite team. Diaz hit a game-tying three-run home run with two out in the ninth inning
A nice change in Ottawa Speaking recently at the Calgary Chamber of Commerce, new Environment Minister Stephane Dion seemed to support a more science-based approach to environmental policy-making when he said,  quot;We need better science.
Yankees manager Torre suspended for one game, fined New York Yankees manager Joe Torre was suspended for one game and fined by major league baseball Saturday because one of his pitchers threw at a batter after umpire warnings during a game against the Boston Red Sox.
Hu becomes China military chief Jiang Zemin has given up the top job in China #39;s military, handing over the post to Communist Party chief Hu Jintao and completing a historic leadership transition to a younger generation.
Knicks 113 76ers 107, overtime PHILADELPHIA Allan Houston and Kurt Thomas provided the big baskets in New York #39;s 113-to-107 overtime triumph at Philadelphia.
Controversy continues to follow Bryant Seldom has someone insisted on privacy more while behaving in ways that guaranteed him less. There are places we #39;re not supposed to go, but we #39;re continually being dragged
Houston Upsets No. 14 Purdue 63-60 (AP) AP - Daphne Andre scored 21 points, including two free throws that sealed the win following a key steal, leading Houston to a 63-60 upset of No. 14 Purdue on Tuesday night.
Italian team ordered to play without fans The Italian team Lazio was ordered Friday to play its next European game without fans as punishment for a game last month marked by racial taunts from the stands.
Symantec releases patching tool Security company Symantec Corp. plans to announce the release of a patch management product on Monday that it says will enable small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) to stay on top of software vulnerabilities.
Net domain costs on the rise? com December 16, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. Internet users may soon be required to pay an additional annual fee for each domain name they own, thanks to a virtually unnoticed requirement that will begin to take effect next year.
CAPELLO FED UP WITH FEIGNING Juventus coach Fabio Capello has ordered his players not to kick the ball out of play when an opponent falls to the ground apparently hurt because he believes some players fake injury to stop the match.
Oracle Unveils Standalone Business Intelligence Product Oracle Corp. on Monday introduced a standalone business intelligence product that #39;s designed to address a large portion of an enterprise #39;s analytical requirements, including information access
US Open winner Kuznetsova struggles into quarterfinals at China &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Against a Chinese player from nowhere, newly-crowned US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova from Russia had a narrow escape at the singles second round of the 585,000 US dollars
Lawyer in Philly corruption probe dies PHILADELPHIA -- A lawyer who was a central figure in an ongoing FBI investigation into city corruption died Thursday after a hospitalization of several days, his attorney said.
Roundup: Jos Anigo resigns as Marseille coach Anigo, 43, had taken over in January from Alain Perrin. He will be replaced by another former Marseille coach, Albert Emon, who was in charge of the reserve team.
UNDATED: third straight. Lisa Leslie recorded the third triple-double in WNBA history, finishing with 29 points, 15 rebounds and 10 blocks in Los Angeles #39; win over defending league champion Detroit.
PA minister: Barghouti will drop candidancy Palestinian Authority Minister of State Kadoura Fares said on Tuesday that jailed Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti may abandon his plan to run in the January 9 lection for the presidency of the PA.
WOODGATE INJURY WOE FOR REAL Real Madrid #39;s doctor Alfonso del Corral claims he warned the club they were taking a risk in signing Jonathan Woodgate and has not ruled out the possibility of an operation to cure the defender #39;s long-standing thigh problem.
Baghdad Suicide Car Bomb Kills at Least Four (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide car bomb exploded on Tuesday\at a police post near an entrance to the fortified Green Zone\complex in Baghdad, killing at least four people, a policeman\at the scene said.
BRDC says no to more cash for FOM The British Racing Drivers #39; Club has refused to increased its bid for the British Grand Prix and the ping-pong game of who gets the blame for the demise of the event with the latest statement having lobbed the blame back into Bernie Ecclestone #39;s side of
Ancient Bird Fossil May Suggest Link with Dinosaurs (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists in China have found a 120\million-year-old fossil of a baby bird which is believed to\have died just before it hatched and which could shed light on\the relationship between dinosaurs and birds.
Coulthard eyes Williams DAVID COULTHARD has thrown his hat in the ring to fill Jenson Buttons void at Williams. Williams had expected Button to partner Mark Webber next season but were left looking for a new driver after Formula
Depression Drugs, Suicide Linked, Reviewer Says  BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - A U.S. government medical  reviewer told an advisory panel Monday that new findings  confirmed his conclusion months ago that certain  antidepressants increase the chances of suicidal behavior among  children and teens.
'Prevention' bill could trigger a flood of faxes  A bill moving through Congress designed to clarify rules for advertising via fax machines could expose consumers to a flood of unwanted solicitations, according to consumer groups and activists battling against junk faxes.
High Court Petitioned on Cable Net Access Rule The Bush administration has asked the Supreme Court to overturn a decision that requires cable companies to open their high-speed Internet networks to rival online providers.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
UN staff call for Afghan pullout The UN staff union calls for all personnel to be withdrawn from Afghanistan, saying it has become too dangerous.
New iBook G4 is fastest model to date Apple Computers #39; latest iBook range is the fastest to date. Still lacking in raw speed compared to Intel Centrino-based laptops, the consumer model is available from just 636 (ex.
Mass graves in flood-ravaged Haiti GONAIVES, HAITI - Workers in hurricane-battered Gonaives, Haiti, used a dump truck on Monday to put bodies of flood victims in a ditch dug as a mass grave.
DirecTV Posts Loss, Blames Marketing DirecTV Group Inc. (DTV.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a large quarterly loss as marketing and subscriber retention costs rose sharply, offsetting a 49 percent rise in new subscribers.
No excuses from Tim TIM HENMAN refused to make any excuses for his third-round defeat to Ivan Ljubicic in the Madrid Masters. The top seed had a blood test on Wednesday to discover the cause of his fatigue, but insisted his 4-6, 6-4, 2-6 loss was down to his own poor play.
Birds of prey Maybe now's the time for Papa Jack to break out his signature T-shirts, emblazoned with his rally cry:  quot;Somebody gotta pay. quot;
Delta Updates Liquidity Needs Delta Air Lines #39; (DAL:NYSE - news - research) future cash needs are looking greater than previously thought. Delta said Monday it will need \$135 million in liquidity in early 2006 beyond what it has already
Angels Change Name The Angels are renaming themselves yet again, saying Monday it will be known as the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
S.Korea and Japan Keep Up Summit Shuttle on North  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun was  leaving for a two-day official visit to Japan on Friday for  summit talks that will focus on the North Korean nuclear  problem and Japan's deteriorating ties with the communist  state.
Braves get a win off Gagne LOS ANGELES -- It wasn #39;ta save situation. But the Braves made sure Eric Gagne enjoyed a second consecutive depressing night, with some help from Johnny Estrada, who enjoyed another successful evening in his native state.
Government Puts Off Internet Taxation The US Senate approved modifications to the Internet Tax Non-Discrimination Act Friday, clearing the way for House passage of the bill that would prevent taxing online purchases.
Miller Grows Up to Become the Hero Skiing Needs  SESTRIERE, Italy (Reuters) - With six victories already  this season, including a record-equalling triumph in every  discipline, Bode Miller is dominating the World Cup circuit and  rival Kalle Palander believes the American's emergence at the  top is just what the sport needs.
Paralympians warmly welcomed home Britain #39;s Paralympians returned home to a warm welcome after arriving at Gatwick airport on Wednesday. Team GB finished second in the table, behind China, with 94 medals - 35 of which were gold.
Penn National to buy Argosy Gaming for \$1.4bn cash NEW YORK, November 4 (newratings.com) - Penn National Gaming Inc (PENN.NAS) has agreed to acquire Argosy Gaming Company (AGY) in a \$1.
History beckons as China prepares grand Olympic coming out party BEIJING : As the Olympic flame leaves Athens, the eyes of the sporting world are turning towards Beijing. When China hosts the games for the first time in 2008, it will cap an extraordinary 30-year journey
What will you give up, just to get some work? What rights will you give up in order to get some work?      We are guaranteed certain protections against the tyranny of the State, but what's to stop private companies from ignoring those protections, so long as they can require us to agree to forego them in order to receive employment?
Bitter foes, investment bedfellows It may be the only thing Dick Cheney and John F. Kerry have in common: One elite Boston investment firm controls large slices of their family fortunes.
From Behind the Scenes, Rice on Stage Administration officials said President Bush might name Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state as early as Tuesday.
Groups: Ill. Butterfly Population Falling (AP) AP - The number of butterflies fluttering around the Chicago area has dropped dramatically this summer, experts and enthusiasts say.
Oracle Income Grows on Database Software Sales Oracle on Tuesday announced a 16 percent increase in its first-quarter net income, attributing the gain to demand for its database software, Oracle Database 10g.
Microsoft trademark troubles Two small browsers are very definitely chomping at Microsoft #39;s leg, rather than merely nipping at its heels. And now Savvysoft says Microsoft is demanding that it drop the name Excel from its TurboExcel product
Ukraine Rivals OK Vote Reforms for Rematch (AP) AP - Ukraine's political rivals agreed early Tuesday on legislation to ensure a fair vote during the rerun later this month of the fraud-ridden presidential runoff but remained divided on constitutional amendments trimming presidential powers.
Juve on top as Messina shock Milan ROME, Italy -- Juventus increased their advantage at the top of Serie A with a 2-0 victory over Sampdoria in Genoa on Wednesday to extend their 100 per cent start to the season.
One Small Step as China Opens Space Center (Reuters) Reuters - China\offered a rare glimpse of its manned space flight center\Wednesday, drawing back -- if only slightly -- the veil of\secrecy around China's ambitions in outer space.
Chipmakers Pump Up European Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - European stock markets hit their highest\levels in nearly 2-1/2 years on Friday, pumped up by chipmakers\Infineon and ASML after industry bellwether Intel boosted its\quarterly revenue outlook.
BP Beats Q3 Forecasts on High Oil Price  LONDON (Reuters) - BP Plc, the world's second largest oil  company, reported bumper third-quarter earnings on Tuesday on  the back of high oil prices.
Impotence Rules in the UN Response Rarely has the impotence of the international community #39;s response to the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur province been so exposed as during the past week.
Cricket: Franklin cements place in record books DHAKA - It took James Franklin less than 10 minutes to achieve what a New Zealand cricketer hasn #39;t been able to master in 28 years.
Honda moves in at BAR As we exclusively predicted earlier this week Honda has bought into British American Racing. David Richards will now stand down and Nick Fry will take over.
Charter Sets Phone Service Deal Striving to keep pace with crossover-minded rivals, cable operator Charter Communications (CHTR:Nasdaq - news - research) hammered out phone-service arrangements with two big carriers and a consultant.
Cal jumps into fourth in new BCS rankings While USC remained comfortably atop the Bowl Championship Series standings released Monday, the bigger news involved movement in Northern California.
Semiconductor Market Grow 27 Percent in 2004 However, the Gartner Dataquest Semiconductor Inventory Index showed inventories in the supply chain at the low end of the  quot;caution quot; zone.
Virgin 'seeking Indian airline' Richard Branson says his Virgin Group is talking to a number of Indian airlines about taking a 49 stake in some carriers.
Court reinstates Indian board officials India #39;s top court has set aside a lower court #39;s order suspending all office-bearers of the country #39;s cricket board, including president Ranbir Mahendra, because of alleged misconduct during board elections last month.
Browns Start Searches The Cleveland Browns have a few names in mind for both head coach and general manager with coordinators from Philadelphia and New England on the list.
Yahoo adds traffic information to maps service Yahoo Inc. is adding local traffic information to its maps service, including roadwork and accident reports as well as the approximate speed at which traffic is proceeding along specific roads.
Villanova snaps Penn's winning streak Marvin Burroughs and Terry Butler each scored touchdowns and Villanova held off a late Penn rally last night to defeat the Quakers, 16-13, in Philadelphia.
UPDATE 1-Domenech calls Zebina to France squad France coach Raymond Domenech called up Juventus defender Jonathan Zebina for the first time to his squad for next month #39;s World Cup Group Four qualifiers against Ireland and Cyprus.
UK troops on way to Baghdad: Japan rejects militants #39; threat BASRA, Oct 27: Hundreds of British soldiers left southern Iraq on a risky mission closer to Baghdad on Wednesday to free up US forces for a possible assault on Fallujah , as Tokyo stood firm after militants threatened to behead a Japanese hostage.
House Expected to Pass Intelligence Bill This Evening The vote would send the intelligence overhaul bill to the Senate, which is expected to pass it on Wednesday.
Chico's The Man The leading specialty women's clothier trounces expectations and sees more opportunity in the future.
PivX hardens Windows with Qwik-Fix Pro PivX Solutions, Inc. of Newport Beach, California, on Monday announced the availability of Qwik-Fix Pro, an intrusion prevention software product for Windows machines that disables or modifies features of Microsoft Corp. Windows and the Internet Explorer (IE) Web browser that are frequent targets of malicious computer hackers and virus writers.
Pickers to Vintners: A Mexican-American Saga Over the past few years the first fine wines made by former migrant workers, the children of those workers and other Mexican-Americans have been released, winning good reviews.
Update 2: Ex-Enron Exec Pleads Guilty to Conspiracy A former assistant treasurer at toppled energy giant Enron Corp. pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge Tuesday for his alleged role in making Enron #39;s financial picture appear rosier than it really was.
Athletics: IOC Disciplinary Commission To Investigate Allegations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A disciplinary Commission has been set up to investigate recent allegations of doping against Marion Jones, Jacques Rogge, the President of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), announced today.
Apple To Unveil Special-Edition U2 iPod Apple Computer is reportedly readying a new special-edition iPod that will coincide with the release of U2 #39;s upcoming CD, entitled  quot;Vertigo.
Cox Hires Advisers on Parent Bid The Cox Communications (COX:NYSE - news - research) board formed a special panel to consider a take-private bid from the company #39;s controlling shareholder.
Phelps Pushes Gold-Medal Haul to Three ATHENS, Greece - With the quest to surpass Mark Spitz out of the way, Michael Phelps could savor one of the greatest races in swimming history. Phelps claimed his second and third gold medals of the Athens Games on Tuesday, winning the ...
Water And Methane Find Points To Life On Mars? The European Space Agency #39;s probe, Mars Express, may have found new evidence that points to the possibility of present life on Mars.
Niners LB Peterson Tears Achilles' Tendon  SAN FRANCISCO (Sports Network) - San Francisco linebacker  Julian Peterson left Sunday's game against Arizona late in the  first quarter with a torn left Achilles' tendon.
Watson out, Gillick interested in GM role Bob Watson has taken his name off the list of potential general manager candidates for the Washington baseball club. Watson says he met with Major League Baseball president Robert DuPuy on Wednesday and declined
Bankruptcy Proceedings Could Free Williams From Contract As tailback Ricky Williams contemplates a return to the NFL, his representatives are considering having him file for bankruptcy in an attempt to void the remainder of his contract with the Miami
Israel #39;s Labour Seals Deal to Join Sharon #39;s Coalition Israel #39;s opposition Labour party is likely to join Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition next week, a move that could promote his Gaza pullout plan and avoid
Bekele begins reign as world #39;s distance-running king With a breathtaking final 400 meters late Friday night, the 22-year-old Ethiopian laid claim to the Olympic 10,000-meter throne previously occupied by his countryman Haile Gebrselassie.
Russian Ministries Start Agreeing to Kyoto Approval  MOSCOW (Reuters) - At least one Russian ministry has signed  letters agreeing to Moscow's approval of the Kyoto Protocol, a  spokesman said Thursday, in what could be a final step in the  lengthy tussle to bring the global pact into force.
US to eliminate non-detectable landmines by end of year The United States announced here Monday that it will eliminate its non-detectable landmines by the end of this year. In a statement issued at the ongoing Nairobi Summit on a
Rite Aid Posts Profit, Shares Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. on  Thursday reported a quarterly profit, reversing a year-ago  loss, as lower borrowing costs offset the effects of sluggish  sales growth.
FA risk flak over leniency for Beckham The Football Association laid themselves open to ridicule last night when they ruled there was  quot;insufficient evidence quot; to charge David Beckham with bringing the game into disrepute, despite
Privacy Complaint Dismissed Northwest Airlines did not violate its own privacy policy and did not mislead customers when it shared passenger records with the government, the Department of Transportation has ruled. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
US Promises Compliance with WTO Rules The WTO gave the go-ahead to countries in Europe and elsewhere to impose punitive duties on US exports. The United States has failed to repeal a trade law that protects the US Steel industry, according to WTO.
Bayliss tips Rossi for big race World champion Valentino Rossi will be unbeatable in Sunday #39;s Australian Motorcycle Grand Prix, according to Australian Troy Bayliss.
Fishermen Attack Galapagos Protesters (AP) AP - A group of some 40 fishermen hurled rocks at park rangers who have been blocking the entrance to research stations on the Galapagos Islands in protest of the replacement of their director.
Bin Laden deputy vows fight Muslims to 'stand firm,' tape says CAIRO -- Osama bin Laden's top deputy vowed in a videotape aired yesterday to keep fighting the United States until Washington changes its policies.
Growth in U.S., European Service Sectors Slows The service sectors in the United States, Europe and Britain all posted the slowest growth in more than a year in September, surveys of purchasing managers showed Tuesday, suggesting global growth may be cooling.
UPDATE 1-Baird keeps Lehman at bay in Funai Classic Briny Baird, seeking his first win on the PGA Tour, fired a six-under-par 66 to grab the lead after the second round of the \$4.2 million Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on Friday.
UK agrees to US request to redeploy British troops inIraq British Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon told the British Parliament on Thursday that the government has agreed to a US request to redeploy British troops in Iraq to relieve American forces.
Kings Defeat Rockets 102-96 Sacramento Kings guard Bobby Jackson, right, tries to shoot over the outstretched arm of Houston Rockets center Yao Ming, of China, left, during the fourth quarter in Sacramento, Calif.
U.S. OKs Status of 10 Guantanamo Prisoners GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - U.S. military review panels have decided not to release 10 Guantanamo Bay detainees, concluding they were properly classified as "enemy combatants," a military official said Saturday...
Cadbury Says Annual Results to Be at Low End of Range (Update3) Cadbury Schweppes Plc, the maker of 7Up and Dr Pepper, said 2004 earnings will be at the low end of forecasts as demand in the US and Europe stagnates, days after Coca-Cola Co.
Russia May Have Moon Base by 2025 Nikolai Moiseyev informed space officials from other countries about Russia #39;s International Space Station program, which includes studies aimed at the exploration of the solar system and the use of automated spacecraft.
Oil Ends Nearly \$2 Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid nearly \$2 a barrel to  end at 7-week lows on Tuesday, as growing signs of ample supply  eased concerns over fuel stocks for the northern winter.
A MacGyver for the Third World An MIT inventor bent on public service creates practical solutions to life-threatening problems around the world. Her approach: be a master of the obvious. Second in a series profiling this year's MacArthur 'genius award' winners. By Kari Lynn Dean.
Lions, critics silenced as Packers finally get win DETROIT - By winning Sunday, the Green Bay Packers weathered the toughest week of the Mike Sherman era and probably the most trying week this franchise has seen in more than a decade.
Williams-Sonoma Profit Up; Keeps Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Williams-Sonoma Inc. (WSM.N) on\Wednesday posted a better-than-expected 55 percent increase in\quarterly profit, sending its stock up 6 percent, as sales\jumped at its Pottery Barn chain.
Brit captive still alive, says brother LONDON -- The brother of Kenneth Bigley, a Briton held hostage in Iraq, said yesterday he had been told the captive was still alive, a contention echoed by the leader of a London-based Islamic centre.
Bush sends bipartisan message President  Bush says he will reach out to allies abroad and sceptics at home, in his first radio message since re-election.
Michigan St. Spartans ANN ARBOR, Michigan (Ticker) -- The longest game in Michigan history had many heroes. None was bigger than Braylon Edwards. Edwards caught two touchdowns late in the fourth quarter, then added another in triple
My gawd, what if the Red Sox ever won? It took nearly 11 hours and 26 innings for the Red Sox to shed the humiliation of falling behind 3-0 in a best-of-seven ALCS via an unholy 19-8 shellacking, but shed it they did.
Heidfeld given another chance to impress Nick Heidfeld has declared himself happy with his first outing for Williams and in fact the team was also so impressed that they #39;ve invited him back for a second trial.
U.S. Effort Aims to Improve Opinions About Iraq Conflict The Bush administration, battling negative perceptions of the Iraq war, is sending Iraqi Americans to deliver what the Pentagon calls "good news" about Iraq to U.S. military bases.
Five killed in Kashmir violence Separatist militants kill four members of a Muslim family while police shoot dead a senior militant leader in Kashmir.
AMD hatches new naming plan for chip generations com November 15, 2004, 11:32 AM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Sharon Says Incitement to Oppose Disengagement Plan Must End Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said opponents of his proposal to evacuate settlements in the Gaza Strip and West Bank must stop inciting the military and security forces to reject the withdrawal plan.
Pace reportedly signs 1-year deal with Rams Offensive tackle Orlando Pace signed a 1-year contract Sunday night worth \$7.02 million as the St. Louis Rams #39; franchise player, according to the St.
Treasury Yields Hit 5-Month Lows (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. benchmark Treasuries yields broke\beneath 4.0 percent on Wednesday for the first time in\five-months, driven in part by a jump in oil prices and a slide\in equities.
Padres 3, Diamondbacks 2 The San Diego Padres found out between the second and third innings that they were eliminated from wild-card contention, then rallied for a 3-2 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night.
The Wonderful World of Succession In order to take the top job at Disney, Robert A. Iger, the companys president, must state his accomplishments without appearing to engage in an unseemly campaign for the job.
Bonds Slip as McTeer Counters Oil Rally (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices eased on Tuesday\as upbeat comments from a Federal Reserve Bank president\balanced weaker-than-expected results from the U.S. services\sector and record high crude oil prices.
Study: Spammers, Virus Writers Getting Chummy A new MessageLabs report says more than 86 of the E-mail it sampled in June was spam--and nearly one in 10 contained a virus.
Lexmark, Dell and IBM printers can pose shock hazard About 39,400 laser printers made by Lexmark International Inc. and sold by Lexmark, IBM Corp. and Dell Inc. can pose an electrical shock hazard, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) warned Tuesday.
Chicken Genome Could Shed Light on Human DNA A new US study says about 60 of the genes in chickens are closely related to those found in humans. In fact, the recently deciphered chicken genome should prove a valuable tool for learning about the human
The Nation in Brief DENVER - Attorneys for Kobe Bryant have dropped their fight to seal investigative files compiled as part of the rape case against the NBA star but insist prosecutors open all records, including those that may clear their client.
Sudan Rejects Africa Troop Offer at Darfur Talks  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudan rejected an offer of African troops  to disarm rebels in Darfur as peace talks began in Nigeria,  insisting it was capable of neutralizing both pro-government  and rebel militia fighting in the western region.
Owens Has Last Laugh on Ravens as Eagles Improve to 7-0 Terrell Owens scored a touchdown and David Akers kicked three field goals to lead the Philadelphia Eagles to their fifth straight win, 15-10 over the Baltimore Ravens in National Football League play Sunday.
#39;Apple copies Windows #39; claim launches desktop wars Desktop search means a new battle for dominance between a wide field of competitors, and the warfare has begin. The technology promises users an incredibly fast way to search for data on their drives.
Tourists freed in Peru coca siege Police in Peru storm an ancient Inca temple to free foreign 19 tourists taken hostage by coca growers.
CA officially taps Swainson for CEO job delays CA World Computer Associates today officially announced that John Swainson, an IBM veteran, has been named president and CEO-elect, as well as a member of the CA board.
EU-Iranian nuclear talks hit snag - diplomats EU-Iranian talks to get Iran to suspend uranium enrichment in order to avoid possible UN sanctions have hit a snag, even as deadlines are beginning to fall towards resolving the crisis, diplomats told AFP Wednesday.
Gritty Sonics roll on SAN ANTONIO -- Antonio Daniels scowled and every muscle in his body seemed steel-cable taut as he walked toward the Sonics #39; bench.
Paraguay Clashes Leave 1 Dead, 20 Hurt Clashes between landless farmworkers and Paraguayan security forces left a police officer dead and 20 other people injured in a resurgence of violence that has rattled Paraguay's government.
Daly #39;s wife pleads guilty Oxford, MS (Sports Network) - John Daly #39;s wife, Sherrie Miller Daly, pleaded guilty to a federal money laundering charge on Friday and will await sentencing.
PluggedIn: Digital Cameras All the Rage This Christmas  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - When families and friends get  together for the holidays this year, many more of them will use  a digital camera to record those memories.
The End of TV as We Know It Sit back on the sofa and get ready for packetized, on-demand, digital broadcasts. By Frank Rose from Wired magazine.
Hollinger International gets cash from CanWest deal Hollinger International Inc. (HLR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday that it received cash proceeds of about \$49.1 million on a transaction with CanWest Global Communications Corp.
World 'short of health workers' Millions more health workers are needed if global health is going to be improved over the next decade, a study says.
Beltre, Dodgers belt Mets Adrian Beltre went 5 for 5 with his major league-leading 42d home run, and the Los Angeles Dodgers got a pair of big pinch hits yesterday in a 4-2 victory over the Mets in New York.
US braces for trade backlash WASHINGTON - The World Trade Organization is set to give the go-ahead today for sweeping retaliation against the United States from Canada, Europe and others for its continuing refusal to dismantle illegal trading laws.
Grid Pioneers To Launch Company The creators of the widely-used Globus Toolkit have formed a company to provide commercial software, services and support for the open source software that has become the de facto standard for grid computing.
WPP and Havas in Grey Global chase French advertising group Havas said last night it would bid for US rival Grey Global, joining expected bids from the UK #39;s WPP and an American buyout firm.
Swiss Life sells its closed UK business for 205m Resolution Life, the closed life assurance consolidator led by Clive Cowdery, completed its second acquisition yesterday with the 205m purchase of Swiss Life #39;s closed UK business.
Two Iraqi Ministers Targeted in Separate Attacks Iraqi officials say assailants targeted the convoys of two Iraqi government ministers in separate attacks in Baghdad Tuesday. Neither official was hurt, but five other people were killed in the attacks.
Upshaw Wants Changes NFLPA head Gene Upshaw informs team owners on Wednesday during league meetings that the players want a larger percentage of local revenue streams.
Greek Plane Diverted to Ireland After Bomb Threat  DUBLIN (Reuters) - A Greek plane heading for New York from  Athens made an emergency landing in Ireland on Tuesday after a  bomb alert -- the second such incident in three days.
US Airways Reaches Deal with Dispatchers  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bankrupt US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday reached a tentative agreement on concessions with the  union representing dispatchers, the company said.
Falluja advance encounters sporadic resistance US and Iraqi forces have faced less resistance than expected and suffered minimal casualties, a commander said Tuesday, as the troops continue their second day of assaults on militant-controlled Falluja.
Forces Must Work Decisively in South Unrest-Thai PM Anticipating worse violence in Thailand #39;s largely Muslim south, Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra urged security authorities on Saturday to work more decisively in their operations to restore peace to the region.
As Season Begins, Networks Struggle In Cable's Shadow The new prime-time television season officially starts this week, and more than bragging rights to ratings supremacy will be on the line for the broadcast networks.
LA Times chides Bush for self-justification WASHINGTON: US President George W Bush on Wednesday received a rap across the knuckles from the Los Angeles Times which observed that he might have done better at wooing broader international
India makes Olympic breakthrough Kashmir veteran Rajyavardhan Rathore wins India's first ever individual silver medal at the Olympic Games.
Wild Thing, I Think I Love You Last season, when the Boston Red Sox clinched the wild-card spot in the baseball postseason, the players staged a frenzied celebration on the field at Fenway Park.
Sorry Homecomings Navy has lost its last five homecoming games, including a 21-17 loss to Division I-AA Delaware last season.
Intel Launches Next-Gen Chip After 10 years in the making and multiple delays, Intel released its state-of-the-art 64-bit Itanium microprocessor on Tuesday. The microprocessor, which is designed for servers and workstations, is based
Christians Use Gay Marriage to Seek Voters (AP) AP - Christian conservatives are casting a wider net this year in their search for likely voters  #151; especially conservative ones  #151; by asking people on the phone how they feel about same-sex marriage as well as their views on abortion, a standard question in previous election cycles.
Californian Charged with eBay Sports Card Scam A man who purported to offer rare sports cards including that of baseball legend Mickey Mantle has been charged with defrauding eBay (EBAY.
Investment offers for PSUs, banks NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh said on Saturday public sector companies and nationalised banks would be encouraged to enter the capital market to raise resources and offer new investment avenues to retail investors.
Don't use Google desktop search in your business, warns Gartner Well, hang on there, let's give them a chance
Apple Enhances iBook, Cuts Prices Before Holidays  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday announced a faster version of its popular iBook  notebook personal computer and a less expensive model of its  PowerMac desktop line, as the computer maker gears up for the  holiday shopping season.
Expert: Writing Best for Contacting Aliens Sept. 3, 2004 - Writing, rather than phoning, is probably the best way to contact aliens, US scientists say. So instead of phoning home, it could have been more energy efficient if ET had inscribed information
Titans First Close-Up Cassini-Huygens, the joint NASA/ESA/ASI space mission has successfully made a close encounter with Saturns moon, Titan. This was confirmed in the early hours of this morning as the first information and
Bush warns Iran and Syria on Iraq US President George W Bush says Iran and Syria should not interfere in Iraq in advance of January's elections.
Liquor Ads Allowed NASCAR returns to its roots by lifting a ban on liquor ads on cars, opening the door for teams to be sponsored by distilled spirits.
Kremlin Cup Upset for Nadia Petrova The tough Russian women #39;s field suffered its first loss early Wednesday when Italy #39;s Francesca Schiavone came back from a set down to upset eighth-seeded Nadia Petrova 0-6, 6-3, 6-4 in the second round of the \$2.
Allawi meets Putin to boost trade ties BAGHDAD: The number of US soldiers killed in combat in Iraq neared 1,000 after a spike in violence, as Prime Minister Iyad Allawi prepared on Tuesday for talks in Moscow aimed at reviving business ties despite Russias opposition to the US-led war.
Harrington fires back in response to Siragusa #39;s comments Tony Siragusa is right: Joey Harrington isn #39;t his kind of guy. But being a Siragusa kind of guy was never high on Harrington #39;s priority list anyway.
Skeleton in Mo. Came From Ancient Mammoth (AP) AP - Everything about the bones that turned up in a Grain Valley back yard last summer suggested to scientists that they came from a 50,000-year-old mastodon. But evidence yielded by additional digging has led the experts to conclude they were off-base. The remains are actually those of a mammoth that lived 500,000 to 1 million years ago, according to the scientists.
Metro hit by slowdown Metro, Germany's biggest retailer, turns in weaker-than-expected profits as sales at its core supermarkets division dip lower.
Stocks Open Lower; Oil Near \$50 a Barrel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Tuesday  with oil prices holding near \$50 a barrel, while news that U.S.  gross domestic product grew at a stronger-than-expected pace in  the third quarter failed to create excitement on Wall Street.
The Austral-Asian Strike Fighter The Australian Defence Force must defend and project across an air-sea gap. This requires long range autonomous strike weaponry. The Joint Strike Fighter does not solve this issue and detrimentally places added pressure on Australia's limited force of aerial refuelling assets. The world's defence manufacturers are not creating strike platforms that solve Australian needs. For this reason, Australia needs to look to other nations with similar defence needs. In this case, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan all face defending an air-sea gap. Australia should enter a partnership with these nations to create a strike fighter that satisfies the strategic needs of defending an air-sea gap. The benefits of such a partnership will be many.
Game Boy Add-On Video Is Limiting A pair of new add-ons for Nintendo Co.'s Game Boy Advance turn the handheld into something considerably more than a gaming machine - a video phone and a video player. As long as you bear in mind that you're dealing with a toy, you might not be too bothered by the less than stellar quality.
Fed, Corporate Forecasts to Set Tone  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks should stay firm next week  if the Federal Reserve says the economy is recovering and if  corporations entering the heart of the so-called confession  season go slow on profit warnings.
Eagles ink CB Brown to six-year extension Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Eagles signed starting corner Sheldon Brown to a six-year contract extension Thursday.
Blair: Time for Excuses on Africa Is Over  ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (Reuters) - British Prime Minister  Tony Blair is to say Thursday that the time for excuses on  Africa is over as he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia he hopes will  turn the continent's problems into a global priority.
Blunderer Boris told to say sorry across the Mersey When you walk through a storm hold your head up high, and you #39;ll never walk alone - unless your name is Boris Johnson and you #39;re heading north to apologise to Liverpool.
Sony Embraces MP3 Format The MP3 design modification is a major move for Sony, which has been criticized for a product that only allows its own format to be played.
Howard says help at hand PRIME Minister Mr John Howard was yesterday forced to defend Mr Alexander Downer in relation to the Foreign Ministers comments that Australia was not bound to help the US defend Taiwan.
OPEC Agrees to Stamp Out Excess Supply  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Friday agreed to  stamp out excess supply that has lowered world prices from  record highs.
It's Crunch Time for Biotech Companies Washington area biotech companies will face pivotal moments this year, finding out whether key products work before money dries up, fending off competition from bigger companies,  and, perhaps filing to go public.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Blurry Image Might Be First Picture of Exoplanet (Reuters) Reuters - The image of a blurry red ball near\a failed star just might be the first picture ever snapped of a\planet outside our solar system, an astronomer who helped find\the object said on Monday.
Advocacy group cites troubles in toyland They are sold with colorful names like  quot;Pals on the Go!, quot;  quot;Click Clack Train, quot;  quot;Kinderland Kimy Bathtime quot; and  quot;Flashing Star Wand.
CORRECTED - IMF says loosening of yuan in China #39;s interest In WASHINGTON story headlined  quot;IMF says loosening of yuan in China #39;s interest quot; please read in first paragraph ... undervalued ... instead of ... overvalued ... (corrects direction). WASHINGTON, Aug 25 (Reuters
News: Technology Already Exists to Stabilize Global Warming Existing technologies could stop the escalation of global warming for 50 years and work on implementing them can begin immediately, according to an analysis by Princeton University scientists.  (Princeton University press release)
Telecoms Tie-Up Mobile phone group mmO2 and giant Japanese telecoms giant NTT DoCoMo joined forces to launch the i-mode internet service in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Justice OKs Cingular-AT T Wireless Deal (AP) AP - Justice Department antitrust regulators cleared the way Monday for Cingular Wireless LLC's  #36;41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc., a crucial step toward creating the nation's largest wireless telephone company.
Zimbabwe Denies Reports of Food Shortage (AP) AP - Zimbabwe's government on Wednesday dismissed reports of dozens of deaths linked to malnutrition as lies peddled by detractors and insisted the nation has more food than it needs.
Megawati trailing people #39;s favourite ABOUT 140 million Indonesians are expected to vote today in the country #39;s first direct presidential election, with incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri hoping for a late surge of support to cling to office.
Two Suspect Iranian Sites Pose Headaches for IAEA Iran may be hiding equipment bought by its military that could be used to make nuclear-weapons-grade uranium despite its recent agreement to freeze all such programs and place them under UN supervision, diplomats said Thursday.
Toyota Doubles Prius Hybrid Cars for U.S.  DETROIT (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=7203.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;7203.T&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday it will double the number of Prius hybrid-electric  cars that it sends to the U.S. market to 100,000 units annually  next year, making it the Japanese automaker's third  best-selling sedan.
Fannie Mae Agrees to Sweeping Changes Fannie Mae, the nation's largest mortgage buyer, agreed to major changes in its accounting and management practices.
Ontario, feds pledge to kick in \$100M each for Ford \$1B Oakville &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OAKVILLE, Ont. (CP) - Ford Canada #39;s \$1-billion expansion of its plant in Oakville, Ont., was promised \$100 million each from the federal and provincial governments Friday, a deal that the automaker says will save jobs and boost the economy.
Lancaster Colony Board Raises Dividend Specialty food maker Lancaster Colony Corp. said Monday that its board raised the company #39;s quarterly cash dividend by nearly 9 percent to 25 cents per share from 23 cents.
Afghan refugee vote drive hailed A four-day voter registration drive signs up 650,000 Afghan refugees in Pakistan for Saturday's landmark election.
US, Iraqi forces clash with militants BAGHDAD, Iraq - American and Iraqi troops clashed with insurgents north of Baghdad on Saturday, killing two militants and injuring three Iraqi National Guards, the US military said.
Calls for Sadr militia to disarm NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq #39;s Defence Ministry has ordered Shi #39;ite militiamen in Najaf to immediately lay down their weapons and leave a holy shrine in the city.
Suicide car bomb, clashes with insurgents leave at least 10 dead &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suicide attacker drove his bomb-laden car into a US convoy during fighting Wednesday in a northern town, where hospital officials said at least 10 Iraqis were killed amid a wave of violence across Iraq #39;s Sunni Arab heartland.
Delegate: OPEC unlikely to cut quotas Oil cartel expected to call for tighter compliance with official quota levels at Cairo meeting. CAIRO (Reuters) - The OPEC oil cartel is unlikely to lower its official production ceiling when ministers meet
For makers of food packages, seconds count Spoons are so old school. And so slow. Harried Americans searching for ways to shave precious seconds have seized on new foods designed to keep them on the go -- no utensils needed. There's soup in heat-and-sip cups. Yogurt in squeeze tubes. Mini cookies in little cans that fit in car cup holders. Even frozen peanut butter and jelly sandwiches ...
Apple ships Mac OS X update The 26MB upgrade to version 10.3.6 is available now via the OS #39; Software Update control panel and from Apple #39;s support web site.
Salvation Army donations are down Charles Burnett was ringing a bell in front of the Wal-Mart in Fairmount. It was Burnetts first day, but the Salvation Army has stationed volunteers by red kettles for more than a hundred years.
FIFA launch plan to ensure top refereeing FIFA, determined that the refereeing at the 2006 World Cup finals will be the best ever, are launching an 18-month campaign to ensure the world #39;s top referees are fully prepared for the finals in Germany.
Chancellor Schrder invites Qathafi to visit Germany Since dismantling its weapons programs, Libya has been embraced by the West. Thursday saw Germany #39;s chancellor begin a two-day visit intended to strengthen economic ties between the countries.
A Matter of Trust (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - There is more to corporate performance than what you see in the earnings reports. Could an investor have anticipated the trouble at companies like Enron, Adelphia, WorldCom and Tyco by looking more closely at how they were governed and how they kept their books? Their problems, to be sure, are far more visible in hindsight, but nonetheless each left telltale signs that all was not well. Robust reported earnings growth at both Enron and WorldCom was not supported by hard cash. The Adelphia board was stacked with company insiders who turned a blind eye to self-dealing by company executives. ...
Spy freed as part of prisoner exchange An ecstatic Azzam Azzam, the Israeli Druze businessman held in an Egyptian jail for seven years on spying charges, was released yesterday in a prisoner swap seen as signalling a thaw in relations between the two countries.
Els Takes 2-Shot Lead at American Express (AP) AP - His post-majors funk behind him, Ernie Els was back in his element Friday. Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, Els breezed through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under 64, giving him a two-shot lead and hope that he still has a lot to play for this year.
Iran's Bushehr Atomic Power Plant Faces More Delays  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran on Sunday announced a further  substantial delay in the long overdue project to complete its  first nuclear power plant, part of a program which Washington  says could be used to make atomic arms.
Chiefs Lead Ravens in Fourth Quarter BALTIMORE - Priest Holmes had his third 100-yard rushing game of the season and the Kansas City Chiefs held a 20-17 lead over the Baltimore Ravens after three quarters Monday night.    Trent Green led the Chiefs 60 yards in 11 plays on the tiebreaking march, with a 16-yard completion to Chris Horn on third-and-10 extending the drive...
A Sea Change in Slovenia LJUBLJANA, Slovenia--After more than a decade of almost continual rule, Slovenia #39;s center-left Liberal Democrats face a spell in opposition in the wake of a surprise defeat in the parliamentary elections on 3 October.
Dollar May Fall on Concern Climbing Oil Prices Will Slow Growth The dollar may fall against the euro for a third week in four on concern near-record crude oil prices will temper the pace of expansion in the US economy, a survey by Bloomberg News indicates.
Nortel Warns of Weaker Sales Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) warned on Thursday that third-quarter sales will fall below its second quarter and that full-year 2004 revenues at
Nothing funny about silly money Among the many unique things proponents of professional golf like to point out is that the athletes who play the game for pay are different than those who toil in other sports because golf has no guaranteed contracts.
Crude Oil Little Changed After Gaining on Heating Oil Concern Crude oil futures were little changed in New York after surging 5.4 percent on Nov. 19 on speculation falling temperatures in Europe will boost competition with the US for heating fuel.
Former Financier Pleads Not Guilty to New Charges Former financier Martin Armstrong pleaded not guilty to expanded charges of fraud on Friday, just days after he challenged a contempt order that has kept him imprisoned for more than four years.
AT #38;T Unit to Build Network for Treasury  AT #38;T Government Solutions said yesterday it has won a contract worth as much as \$1 billion to provide a high-speed communications network to the Treasury Department.
Elizabeth Edwards' Cancer Has Not Spread (AP) AP - A biopsy has shown that a lump in Elizabeth Edwards' breast has not spread, a family spokesman said, as the wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards commenced chemotherapy.
Briefly: HP to sell Voltaire's InfiniBand switch roundup Plus: PC shipments up, but revenue less so, study says...BEA mobilizes corporate data...Web services outfits merge...Microsoft sets holiday Xbox bundle...PalmSource settles Digeo patent suit.
Britain's Labour Party struggles to shift conference focus from Iraq (AFP) AFP - Britain's ruling Labour Party struggled to shift the pre-election focus to domestic politics, as Prime Minister Tony Blair faced renewed pressure over the fate of a British hostage in Iraq.
Doing All For Release Of Hostage: Blair London, Sept. 30 (NNN) : Britain says it is doing everything it can to secure the release in Iraq of British hostage, Kenneth Bigley.
Rich States #39; Demands Threaten Environment Treaty Demands by the United States and other wealthy nations to delay the phasing out of a pesticide that depletes the ozone layer threaten to unravel a key global environmental treaty, experts said on Thursday.
Long-distance Web surfing comes closer Business travellers will be able to surf the Web securely on long-distance flights by combining services from Boeing and iPass, the companies plan to announce on Monday.
Baseball will survive, just like it always has Some people cannot fathom the indifference. The revelations about Jason Giambi and Barry Bonds brought a rousing  quot;so what? quot; from the general public, causing waves of journalistic outrage around the country.
White Sox Trade Carlos Lee to Milwaukee ANAHEIM, Calif. Dec 13, 2004 - Carlos Lee was traded from the Chicago White Sox to the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday for outfielder Scott Podsednik, reliever Luis Vizcaino and a player to be named.
Toshiba Sets Record With New HDD Recording Technology Perpendicular Recording has been promoted as the technology to carry us through the superparamagnetism limit. In conventional longitudinal recording, the magnetization in the bits on a disc is flipped between
Iran dismisses UN watchdog #39;s demands as illegal #39; Iran said yesterday that demands from the UN atomic watchdog to freeze all uranium enrichment work that can be used for nuclear weapons were  quot;illegal, quot; but left open the possibility it was ready to negotiate on the issue.
Jordan vows to fight for survival Jordan #39;s boss Eddie Jordan promised here on Thursday that he would fight to stay in next season #39;s Formula One championship despite the tough situation he faces.
Seven year old Palestinian girl shot by Isreali sholdiers Israeli soldiers killed a seven-year-old Palestinian girl yesterday when they fired at Palestinians in the Khan Younis refugee camp in Gaza.
Car bomb kills seven in Iraq BAIJI, December 01 (Online): A car bomb exploded in a crowded market in a town north of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least seven people and wounding 20, underlining Iraqs severe security problems with elections just two months away.
Truth Wizards: They know a lie when they hear it WASHINGTON Can you always tell when somebody #39;s lying? If so, you might be a wizard of the fib. A California psychology professor says there #39;s a tiny subculture of people that can pick out a lie nearly every time they hear one.
Beltran leads Astros, series tied Carlos Beltran sent Minute Maid Park into a frenzy. He drove Julian Tavarez a little crazy, too. Beltran struck again Sunday, homering in a record fifth straight postseason game, sending the Houston Astros over the St.
Bush and Kerry Clash Over Iraq and a Timetable Senator John Kerry said he wanted troops home within four years, and President Bush defended the war as "right for America."
Safin win puts pressure on Henman Marat Safin defeated David Nalbandian to lift the Madrid Masters trophy and leapfrog Tim Henman in the race to qualify for the Masters Cup.
Japanese company buying DuPont Photomasks A Japanese printing company is buying Austin-based DuPont Photomasks Inc. (Nasdaq: DPMI) for \$650 million. Tokyo-based Toppan Printing Co.
Thai officials placate south with release of prisoners Thailand #39;s prime minister announced yesterday that hundreds of Muslims detained after a riot in the country #39;s restive south would be freed, in a bid to ease tensions over the deaths of 85 accused rioters - including 78 who died in military custody.
Coulthard tests for Red Bull David Coulthard #39;s Formula One prospects have received a boost with news of a test with the Red Bull team at Jerez in Spain. Coulthard, who has no confirmed seat for 2005 after
Blackhawks #39; Ruutu needs surgery Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Blackhawks forward Tuomo Ruutu will undergo surgery Friday to repair a subluxation of his left shoulder.
NBA Wrap: Mavericks Come Back to Beat Golden State  DALLAS (Sports Network) - Dirk Nowitzki scored 25 points  and grabbed 10 rebounds as the Dallas Mavericks overcame an  early 17-point deficit for a 101-98 overtime victory against  Golden State at American Airlines Center.
Greek weightlifter stripped of medal for drugs Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis, Greece #39;s first medal winner at the Athens Olympics, was stripped of his bronze medal and excluded from the Games Sunday for a doping offense, another big blow for the host nation which is welcoming the homecoming
Google Desktop Search Add-On Brings Battle Closer to Microsoft (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Google has developed an add-on for the desktop search tool it unveiled last month. Called gdSuite, it gives its search function a Windows-like interface, Gartner research director Allen Weiner tells NewsFactor.
Court Says Whales, Dolphins Cannot Sue Bush (Reuters) Reuters - The world's whales, porpoises and\dolphins have no standing to sue President Bush over the U.S.
Discus Champion Thrown Out of Games Hungarian Olympic discus champion Robert Fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the Games after breaking doping rules, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said Tuesday.
High-risk driver plan hit by senators Eighteen Democratic state senators say the Romney administration must gain legislative approval before moving ahead with a proposal to change the way high-risk drivers are apportioned among auto insurance companies in Massachusetts.
IBM, AMD Work to Shrink Chips Extended collaboration could result in chips built on 32-nanometer technology.
2 Companies to Make Gear for Phoning Over Internet Linksys and Netgear, providers of home networking equipment, are expected to announce that they are entering the business of making gear used to place telephone calls over the Internet.
Key EU powers weigh bringing Iran nuclear issue to UN panel VALKENBURG, the Netherlands -- Major European powers were discussing yesterday whether to take Iran to the UN Security Council amid frustration at its failure to cooperate fully with UN efforts to make sure it is not secretly trying to develop atomic weapons.
Ghostzapper to return in 2005; Azeri might retire after two more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There is no question in trainer Bobby Frankels mind who will claim Horse of the Year honors when the Eclipse Awards are handed out in January.
Bankruptcy Judge Rules Against United Airlines A bankruptcy judge ruled against United Airlines and sided with unions who said the company submitted unsubstantiated factual claims about its plan to terminate pension programs.
Google Desktop Search Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to discuss recent reviews, including high-end handhelds and Google Desktop Search.
Formula One may get rival in 2008 GPWC Holdings, which groups the major Formula One carmakers, has appointed consultants to prepare the ground for the introduction of a rival grand prix series in 2008.
Cold sends oil price above \$44 Oil futures prices have jumped 5 percent higher, climbing above \$44 a barrel in the United States Wednesday after US government data showed a slight decline in crude and heating oil supplies as colder weather in the Northeast drove up
Many companies say they will hire in 2005 Many of the nation #39;s employers expect to begin the new year by hiring, according to a study released yesterday. That positive outlook continues the swelling of payrolls that has characterized the last three financial quarters.
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week--MBA  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for U.S. home mortgages  declined last week as refinancing activity fell and mortgage  rates were little changed, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Don't Pass on iPass Investors should weigh shareholder unfriendliness against a stock's cheap price.
Bills Backup QB Out 4-To-6 Weeks (Reuters) Reuters - Buffalo Bills backup\quarterback Travis Brown will not be out for the season as\initially feared.
News: Big.biz struggles against security threats Most large companies are struggling to protect themselves against security threats, a survey from security consultancy NetSec published today reveals.\
Apple security hole fixes p2pnet.net News:- Apple Computer has issued a patch for 15 Mac OS X security flaws. But,  quot;It ain #39;t us - it #39;s them! quot; - it #39;s saying of some of the problems,  #39;them #39; being certain open source components.
Dollar Weakens Against Euro But Off Lows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was weaker against the euro  on Tuesday but above record lows reached after remarks by  European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet suggested the  ECB was unlikely to intervene to stem the euro's rise.
Sun Microsystems Narrows 1Q Loss (AP) AP - Sun Microsystems Inc. returned to a loss in its fiscal first quarter as the server and software maker paid for its recent restructuring efforts and a settlement with Eastman Kodak Co.
The Logic Behind a Sprint/Nextel Deal Anyone who has followed the telecom market in recent years knows that this hypercompetitive industry is badly in need of consolidation.
Windows Media Center 2005 to support high def TV ACCORDING TO Microsoft represetatives at IDF last week, it #39;s very likely that the upcoming release of Windows Media Center 2005 will support high defination televison signals.
Unanimous vote to raise British interest rates: official minutes (AFP) AFP - The Bank of England's nine-member monetary policy committee voted unanimously to raise interest rates by 25 basis points to 4.75 percent earlier this month, official records showed.
MyDoom Variant Packs Photo of Netsky Author A new variant of the MyDoom Internet worm contains some puzzling add-ins: a photo that bears a likeness of Sven Jaschan, whom police in Berlin last week charged with computer sabotage after he admitted to authoring the Sasser worm, and a high-level
China Mine Blast Kills at Least 56, Scores Missing  BEIJING (Reuters) - A gas explosion in a crowded coal mine  in central China has killed at least 56 people and left scores  missing, the Xinhua news agency said on Thursday.
Stumps bounce back Bee Garden Writer. Contrary to popular belief, Christmas tree farming is no longer a matter of clear-cutting stands of evergreens.
Gateway expands Media Center PC lineup NOVEMBER 18, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Gateway Inc. plans to release two additional Media Center PCs Thursday, hoping that consumer excitement over multimedia will boost what is forecast as a weak holiday season for consumer PCs.
Lone Star ready for Breeders #39; Cup In the spirit of Texas Hold  #39;Em, The Breeders #39; Cup is raising the stakes. Horse racing #39;s richest day is gambling on an untested racetrack tomorrow for the second time
Delta CEO, many workers get pay cut Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s CEO said Tuesday he declined his six-figure salary for the rest of the year as he detailed a 10-percent pay cut that will affect senior officials, administrative staff and ticket and gate agents.
St. Louis set to award SpaceShipOne X Prize ST. LOUIS It #39;s a big day for a big check in St. Louis where Burt Rutan #39;s Mojave Aerospace Ventures will get a 10 (m) million-dollar check as winners of the Ansari X Prize.
Spain applauds arrest of ETA leader by France Spanish Prime Minister Jose Rodriguez Zapatero on Monday thanked the French government for the recent capture in the country of a top leader of the separatist organization Basque Homeland and Freedom (ETA).
Kerry Lesbian Remark Angers Cheneys (AP) AP - Dick Cheney and his wife say they are angry at John Kerry for invoking their lesbian daughter during the final presidential debate. Kerry says he was just trying to say something nice about how the Cheneys have dealt with the issue and meant no offense.
Death toll in Darfur region of Sudan could reach 300,000, U.S. official says (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GENEVA (AP) - The mounting death toll in Sudan's conflict-ravaged Darfur region could rise six-fold by the end of the year, hitting 300,000, a senior U.S. aid official said Monday.
Everett romps past Xaverian Fifty-eight seconds into the game, Xaverian looked golden. Thirty-nine minutes later, not so much.
XM and Sirius Stream On Satellite radio wins the market's straw poll by landing its two key players into the Nasdaq-100 Composite.
Workers Aid Florida Hurricane Victims PENSACOLA, Fla. - Across Florida, hundreds of relief workers fanned out Sunday to help still-numb families...
Intel Gives Centrino a Speed Boost the Pentium M 765 -- runs at a speed of 2.1 GHz and has 2 MB of cache. The Pentium M 765 also features Enhanced Intel Speedstep, designed to optimize application
U.S. Treasury Prices Are Mixed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices were mixed on  Wednesday as economic data proved tepid and demand for an  auction of two-year notes was thin.
Mussina muzzles Royals Mike Mussina pitched three-hit ball for eight innings and struck out a season-high 11, leading the New York Yankees over the Royals, 4-0, last night in Kansas City.
Ivan Pummels Caribbean, Kills at Least 15 ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Hurricane Ivan pummeled Grenada, Barbados and other islands with its devastating winds and rains, causing at least 15 deaths, before setting a direct course for Jamaica, Cuba and the hurricane-weary southern United States...
National League Game Summary - Philadelphia At Florida Miami, FL -- Eric Milton pitched 6 1/3 strong innings, and Philadelphia used four home runs to beat Florida, 12-4, in the second of a three-game series.
Google IPO Shares Surge in Market Debut Shares of Google Inc. (GOOG) surged nearly 22 percent in their market debut Thursday, the culmination of a unique and bumpy initial stock offering for the 6-year-old dot-com dreamed up in a college dorm room.
Nokia Reports Lower Profits but Strong Sales Nokia, the world's largest\cell phone maker, reported lower third-quarter earnings on\Thursday after cutting prices to claw back market share, but\said sales were strong as it enters the key Christmas season.&lt;/p&gt;
Rain washes away Indian hope of levelling series CHENNAI, October 19 (Online): The second test match between host India and World champions Australia ended in a draw after pouring rain on the last day.
Earnhardt Jr. is high profile, for better or worse First, he won the 500-mile race at Talladega and grabbed the NASCAR Nextel Cup points lead. Two days later, he lost his points lead and \$10,000.
Opposition slams Pakistan PM vote ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- The appointment of a close ally of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf as the country #39;s new prime minister has been criticized as showing the  quot;rule of oppression.
Federer, Frances blow out Agassi NEW YORK - Did Frances huff and puff and blow Andre Agassi off the professional tour? Hasn #39;t she done enough damage without hammering tennis, too?
Al-Sadr agrees to peace plan BAGHDAD, Iraq - Radical Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, whose militia has been fighting American and Iraqi forces for almost two weeks in Najaf, agreed Wednesday to a peace plan proposed by an Iraqi national ...
Washington Wizards Team Report - November 15 (Sports Network) - The Washington Wizards lost to the Dallas Mavericks, 122-113, on Sunday at the MCI Center. Antawn Jamison netted 23 points and grabbed nine boards for the Wizards, who have dropped four of their last five contests.
Digital Eye on Ivan The Internet is a powerful tool for news organizations and emergency agencies as they track Hurricane Ivan's path through America's Southeast. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Strong growth for Linux servers End-user adoption of Linux servers for enterprise workloads hosting ISV applications and databases is ramping up rapidly, with newly published data indicating that uptake of the operating system has doubled over the past year.
Personalized stamps canceled Stamps.com said this week that the US Postal Service has refused to extend its customized photo-stamp service. The company will stop taking orders for the service Thursday night as per Postal Service directions, it said.
HUD Secretary Comments on Fannie Mae WASHINGTON - It #39;s up to the board of Fannie Mae to decide whether top managers should be removed in the wake of the mortgage giant #39;s accounting crisis, HUD Secretary Alphonso Jackson said Wednesday.
American Express to cut 2,000 jobs American Express Co said it will cut 2,000 jobs, or 2.5 per cent of its work force, in a restructuring designed to save more than USD 75 million a year before taxes.
United cuts flight capacity out of DIA United Airlines will decrease capacity on about 30 routes from Denver as it reduces US flight capacity by 14 percent and adds international flights to focus on more profitable routes.
Warming May Be Less Severe in Central U.S. (AP) AP - Anticipated global warming by mid-century may be less severe in the central U.S. than elsewhere in the country, researchers said Tuesday.
Prediction: Miami-Florida 38, North Carolina 15 GAME NOTES: The fourth-ranked Miami Hurricanes head to the Tar Heel State for the second straight week, as they invade Chapel Hill on Saturday, where they will meet up with the North Carolina Tar Heels in ACC action from Kenan Stadium.
Woman  #39;blessed by the holy toast #39; A half-eaten slice of cheese on toast purportedly showing the image of the Virgin Mary has got online bargain-hunters licking their lips.
Suicide Bomber Kills 13 in Baghdad (AP) AP - An al-Qaida-linked suicide bomber blew up his vehicle Monday near cars waiting to enter the Green Zone, home to the U.S. Embassy and Iraq's interim government, killing 13 Iraqis on the anniversary of Saddam Hussein's capture.
Siemens 65 Series Bug could cause Hearing Damage Siemens mobile has warned users about a software-related defect in its 65 product series, the C65, CX65, M65, S65 and SL65 may cause an extremely loud melody when the battery is run down causing your connection to be lost.
Cassini spacecraft explores hazy Titan The Cassini spacecraft, which provided scientists with amazing images of Saturn #39;s rings in July ( quot;Cassini-Huygens completes seven year journey to Saturn, quot; The Triangle, July 9, 2004) is now trying to repeat the feat with Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan.
Shaq debuts in Miami win over New Jersey Dwyane Wade paced a balanced attack with 21 points and Shaquille O #39;Neal added 16 in his Heat debut, leading Miami to an easy 100-77 win over the New Jersey Nets at the Meadowlands Wednesday (Thursday in Manila).
Malaysia accuses West of fuelling terrorism KUALA LUMPUR : Western countries have fuelled international terrorism through the invasion of Iraq and their stand on the Palestinians, Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah ahmad Badawi said.
Tight US supplies boost oil price Oil prices have surged to two-week highs following news that supplies in the US are tightening. In New York on Thursday, the cost of a barrel of oil rose almost \$2 to \$44.
Oracle shares drop, PeopleSoft #39;s rise ahead of court fight NEW YORK (AFP) - Software giant Oracle Corp. #39;s shares dipped while the stock of its rival, PeopleSoft, rose ahead of a court battle this week over PeopleSoft #39;s resistance to Oracle #39;s 18-month-old takeover bid.
Ravens' Running Back Lewis Pleads Not Guilty  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Baltimore Ravens star running  back Jamal Lewis was not in the court room for his arraignment  on Friday, but pleaded not guilty through his lawyers on drug  charges.
Caminiti Gets Jail for Failed Drug Test (AP) AP - Former NL Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti admitted in court Tuesday that he violated his probation by testing positive for cocaine last month, and was sentenced to 180 days in jail.
UPDATE 1-Chiron delays flu vaccine shipments Chiron Corp. is delaying shipment of its flu vaccine, Fluvirin, because lots containing 4 million vaccines, do not meet product sterility standards, the pharmaceutical company said on Thursday .
Sybase links back office to mobile devices Company debuts new products that let businesspeople shuttle data from databases to mobile gadgets.
Rooney shirts go to war children Everton shirts sporting the name of Wayne Rooney could soon be seen on the streets of Liberia. The club decided to give the kit away after the 18-year-old England striker #39;s transfer to Manchester United.
World Bank Chief Likely to Leave in 2005 (AP) AP - James Wolfensohn said Sunday he anticipates bowing out in 2005 as World Bank president and not serving a third five-year term, but would do whatever shareholders ask of him.
Axe-wielding passenger in psychiatric ward OSLO - An axe-wielding passenger who attacked two pilots aboard a Norwegian passenger plane in an apparent but failed bid to crash it has been taken to a psychiatric ward, police said yesterday.
Injured Ganguly not yet certain for Mumbai Test NAGPUR, OCTOBER 28: After all the spin and counter-spin, its official: Sourav Ganguly is injured, its not serious but his participation in the Mumbai Test is still uncertain.
Windows CE Surpassed Palm OS Shipments Microsofts Windows CE surpassed Palm OS shipments in worldwide PDA operating systems market in 3Q. Worldwide personal digital assistant (PDA) shipments exceeded 2.8 million units, as Microsoft Windows CE
N. Korea Says Explosion Was Planned North Korea on Monday reportedly told a visiting British diplomat in Pyongyang that a billowing cloud of smoke caused by an explosion last week was the planned demolition of a mountain for a hydroelectric project, according to news reports.
Lions run over Bills (09/03/04) The Lions closed out their exhibition season with a 20-17 win over Buffalo Thursday at Ford Field. The victory came at a price.
Beckham on target for Real MADRID: A stunning first-half free kick from David Beckham gave Real Madrid a 1-0 win over newly promoted Numancia at the Bernabeu last night.
Ivory Coast Military Attacks Rebel Positions Military and rebel commanders in Ivory Coast say war has resumed, after military planes carried out raids on northern rebel positions.
Tom Cruise, Oprah Co-Host Nobel Concert LOS ANGELES (Zap2it.com) - Following his role as a hired killer in  quot;Collateral, quot; Tom Cruise will host this year #39;s Nobel Peace Prize concert.
Syracuse Slams the Door on B.C.'s Big East Finale The floundering Orange were supposed to roll over Saturday, allowing Boston College to earn its first spot in a B.C.S. game.
Unanimity Slows EU Response in Sudan Lack of agreement keeps the EU from flexing its foreign policy muscles. That is especially apparent in Darfur #39;s humanitarian catastrophe, which has ministers  quot;extremely concerned quot; but unable to enforce any action.
Sorenstam takes early lead Swedish star Annika Sorenstam shot a six-under-par 66 in Thursday #39;s first round at the season-ending \$1-million ADT Championship.
Internet telephone service planned by SBC in early 2005 SBC Communications announced Tuesday that it would offer residential Internet-based calling, joining what could be the future of home-phone service.
OPEC to boost production target OPEC will increase its oil production target by 1 million barrels a day later this year in a move widely viewed as more symbolic than significant, given
Video Games Go Live for Annual Awards Show  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A felon will host, a Playboy model  will work the red carpet, and "the most destructive band in  history" will play on the first major live video game awards  show, airing on Spike TV on Tuesday.
Hong Kong bank crushes more than customer #39;s spirits Hong Kong - A Hong Kong bank that trashed 83 safety deposit boxes and their valuable contents apologised on Wednesday for the blunder and offered customers a compensation package worth up to 12.
High-water mark FOXBOROUGH -- By the end of a 24-3 Patriots win over the Baltimore Ravens yesterday, the Patriots didn't know whether to sack Kyle Boller or to hug him.
Russia Mourns Hostage Deaths, Putin Criticized (Reuters) Reuters - Russia on Monday mourned the\deaths of hundreds of children and adults in its worst hostage\drama as criticism mounted over the way President Vladimir\Putin and his security forces handled the crisis.
Mickelson Skips Ryder Cup Fever by Taking Day Off  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Twenty-three Ryder  Cup players went to work on their games on Wednesday at Oakland  Hills but one of the American trump cards was not among them.
Target Posts Higher Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Target Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TGT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TGT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S.  discount retailer, on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit  on stronger sales and gains from selling its Mervyn's  department store chain, and forecast 2004 would end well.
Tokyo stocks open slightly lower TOKYO - Stocks opened slightly lower Monday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as declines in US technology shares last Friday prompted selling.
Aghahowa out of Barcelona tie Shakhtar Donetsk #39;s Nigerian striker Julius Aghahowa will miss next week #39;s Champions League match against Barcelona with a knee injury.
MSN Adds Movie Downloads and Rentals Microsoft partners with Blockbuster Online, CinemaNow, and MovieTickets.com on one-stop entertainment portal.
IBM Settles Part of Giant Pension Lawsuit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; has settled for an undisclosed sum part of a  potentially multi-billion-dollar lawsuit over its pension plan,  a Wednesday court filing shows.
Dens of ingenuity MANCHESTER, N.H. -- One of the great things about being Kevin Casey is getting to tell your spouse: Honey, I need to get the 61-inch television. For work.
Stamps.com Falls on Concern Over Product Test Shares of Stamps.com (STMP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , which sells postage over the Internet, fell 11 percent on Thursday on concerns that its PhotoStamps service, which allows the creation of personalized stamps, might be
Kerkorian and MGM, Off Again On Monday, Kirk Kerkorian sold Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. for the third time. As a Hollywood reconciliation story, that means Kerkorian has bought and sold the venerable movie studio more times than Elizabeth Taylor married Richard Burton.
U.S. Judge Rejects Law to Block Child Porn on Web (Reuters) Reuters - A Pennsylvania law allowing the\state to force Internet service providers to block access to\child pornography sites is unconstitutional, a federal judge\ruled on Friday.
Xstrata Offers A\$7.4 Billion for WMC to Add Nickel (Update4) Xstrata Plc, the world #39;s biggest exporter of coal for power plants, offered to buy WMC Resources Ltd. for A\$7.4 billion (\$5.5 billion) in cash to add nickel and copper mines as China #39;s demand for metals grows.
Chilean Judge Charges Pinochet in Rights Case (Reuters) Reuters - A Chilean judge on Monday\formally charged Augusto Pinochet with homicide and kidnapping\in one of many pending cases related to human rights abuses\committed during his 17-year rule, and ordered house arrest for\the former dictator.
Crippled Sub Under Tow After Fire (Reuters) Reuters - A British tug on Thursday began towing a\crippled Canadian submarine to safety, a day after a fire\killed one crewman and critically injured another.
Poles Line Up for Shares in Bank Poles signed waiting lists Sunday for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
TechBrief: A new chip on the block Sony, IBM and Toshiba on Monday disclosed some of the first details of their Cell chip, jointly developed by the three companies, that will form the basis of the next generation of PlayStation game consoles.
WTO OKs Trade Sanctions Against U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union and its  allies got\the go-ahead on Tuesday to impose some  #36;150 million in\sanctions on U.S. goods in a dispute that could stir trade\tensions ahead of the U.S. elections.
Egyptian ambassador might return to Israel soon Israel #39;s Foreign Ministry Director General, Ron Prushor, said on Sunday that the Egyptian ambassador might return to Israel in the near future.
Reese, Meshiai Lead Champions Tour Quals ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. - Hajime Meshiai, an 11-time winner on the Japanese PGA Tour, shot 69 Sunday to retain a share of the lead after five rounds of the Champions Tour national qualifying tournament.
Greek Sprinter Wants to Clear His Name ATHENS, Greece Nov 1, 2004 - With a prosecutor expected to announce the results Tuesday of an investigation into a doping scandal that disgraced Greece #39;s two top sprinters, former Olympic champion Kostas Kenteris insisted he never tried to evade drug
Apple Introduces iPod Photo Your Entire Music  amp; Photo Library in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Apple introduced iPod Photo, the newest member of the iPod family that lets you take your entire music and photo library with you wherever you go.
Hurricane Impact Drives Up Jobless Claims  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans lining up to  claim an initial week of jobless aid climbed more than expected  last week, primarily because of hurricanes that have battered  Florida, putting many people out of work, the government said  on Thursday.
Sony: A Bight Picture? It was once the crown jewel of the Sony empire. But for years now the Japanese company #39;s consumer-electronics division -- responsible for everything from TVs to Walkmans to DVD players -- has been a disaster.
Federer, Hewitt in Final Roger Federer keeps up his bid to become the first man since 1988 to win three Grand Slam titles in a year, and sets up a showdown with Lleyton Hewitt in the U.S. Open final.
Singh Wins Playoff to Seize Third Major Title  KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh held his  composure to win the 86th U.S. PGA Championship in a three-way  playoff on Sunday, clinching the third major title of his  career.
AL notables Rangers' Alfonso Soriano left the game in Oakland in the eighth after injuring his left leg on a headfirst slide, putting the rest of his season in doubt. He will have an MRI exam today.
EU decides to lift arms embargo on Libya The foreign ministers #39; meeting of the European Union (EU) decided in Luxembourg Monday to lift the arms ban against Libya, which the bloc imposed 18 years ago.
Mind those IMs--your cubicle's walls have eyes As more firms install software to keep tabs on workers, start-ups and heavy hitters alike spy an opportunity in surveillance products.
NASA prepares for future risk As NASA readies the space shuttle fleet to fly again, the agency #39;s risk management teams are also paying attention to risk issues that affect the International Space Station.
Bush Holds Two-Point Lead Over Kerry: Reuters Poll (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush holds a slim\two-point lead on Democratic rival John Kerry in the stretch\run of a tight race for the White House, according to a\Reuters/Zogby poll released on Friday.
Coke CEO reduces earnings forecasts NEW YORK - In a nod to Wall Streets frustrations with his companys repeated failure to meet earnings expectations, Coca-Cola CEO Neville Isdell on Thursday cut Cokes long-term forecasts while announcing a big boost in annual marketing dollars.
Could No. 700 give Bonds an image lift? While baseball immortality awaits Barry Bonds, it remains to be seen whether he will be a more popular figure once he becomes the third player in history to hit 700 homers.
Secrecy shrouds US e-vote machines THE three companies that certify the US #39; voting technologies operate in secrecy, and refuse to discuss flaws in the ATM-like machines to be used by nearly one in three voters in the presidential poll in November.
NASA chief wants to continue cooperation with Russia for Mars &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ARKALYK, Kazakhstan NASA #39;s top administrator says the agency wants to keep working with the Russians, with the goal of sending missions to Mars.
Southeast Asian Foreign Ministers Prepare for ASEAN Summit Southeast Asian foreign ministers are finalizing a free trade agreement with China and a score of other accords in preparation for a summit meeting in Laos beginning Monday.
ITAR-Tass: Totmianina suffered concussion in skating fall Totmianina fell to the ice at the event in Pittsburgh on Saturday when her partner Maxim Marinin was performing a one-handed lift.
Vargas valiant in loss ATHENS -- The tears rolled down the bruised cheek of Devin Vargas last night. They were not there because his injured left knee was throbbing, although it was. Vargas cried for a dream, and a fight, lost.
Actress Julia Roberts Gives Birth to Twins-Report (Reuters) Reuters - Actress Julia Roberts gave birth to\twins, a boy and a girl, in a Los Angeles hospital on Sunday,\People magazine reported on its Web site, citing an anonymous\source.
Nokia Falters, and the Finns Take Stock of Their Future After the runaway success of Nokia in the late 1990's, Finland seems to be pondering whether it has lost its competitive inventive edge.
Google Conforms to Chinese Censorship (AP) AP - Google Inc.'s recently launched news service in China doesn't display results from Web sites blocked by that country's authorities, raising prickly questions for an online search engine that has famously promised to "do no evil."
Local California Governments Sue Microsoft Four California county and city governments, including those of Los Angeles and San Francisco , sued Microsoft late last week for abusing its monopoly market power and overcharging them for Windows and various Microsoft Office products.
Survey: Political Parties Seen As Corrupt (AP) AP - Political parties are the public institutions most marred by corruption, an international watchdog group said Thursday in a new global survey marking the United Nations' first International Anti-Corruption Day.
Few steps towards peace peak Leh, Nov. 8: Three days, nearly 40 delegations and hundreds of kilometres later, home minister Shivraj Patil believes he has walked a few steps forward on the long and winding road that could lead to peace in Kashmir.
Silicon Still Rocks the House (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Internet may have forever changed the music business, but online downloads will keep playing second fiddle to compact discs for at least the next five years.
Tripath Tech sees Q3 loss widening SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Tripath Technology plunged as much as 57 percent in late trading Friday after the company said its third-quarter loss would widen, revenue would come in well below its previous outlook and that it would take a charge
Dodgers: We Have Options if Beltre Exits (AP) AP - Los Angeles Dodgers general manager Paul DePodesta believes several options will be available if star third baseman Adrian Beltre decides to play elsewhere.
Video shows Bigley #39;s last appeal A video tape posted on the Internet shows British hostage Kenneth Bigley making a final appeal to the British Government to meet his captors #39; demands before he was beheaded by a militant group in Iraq.
UN staff plan no-confidence vote against top management UNITED NATIONS: The UN staff union was meeting late last night to discuss a no-confidence measure against senior management of the United Nations, which has been hit by a series of scandals involving top UN officials.
Dining with the dolphin hunters Paul Kenyon confronts the drive hunt fishermen of Taiji in Japan and the intermediaries who sell the animals to dolphinariums.
Photo: Family time for former EA worker Joe Straitiff, recently fired from the game company after struggling with overtime issues, now spends more time with his daughter.
Is There Life After BEA? Can a new Seattle-based open source start-up become  quot;the Dell of the software industry quot;? That #39;s the question being asked by analysts commenting on the sudden publicity being given this week to SourceLabs, a
25 dead in Venezuela military plane crash CARACAS : A military airplane crashed in a mountainous region in northeastern Venezuela killing all 25 passengers, a spokesman for the air rescue service told AFP.
Net virus turf war resumes after rival #39;s arrest A new virus outbreak emerged on Thursday that packs a baffling message: a photograph of accused German virus author Sven Jaschan that security officials believe to be
Digital Contenders All Hotshots Great digital cameras are in danger of becoming commodity items. We just tested five high-end digital cameras, each with at least a 3X optical zoom, 5 megapixels or more of resolution and a
Nintendo Operating Profit Up 39 Percent  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese video game maker Nintendo Co.  Ltd. reported a 39.1 percent rise in operating profit for the  first half on Thursday and raised its sales target for a new,  keenly awaited portable game player.
MSN takes downloads fight to Apple Microsoft has announced an expansion of its MSN Music Store, adding eight new countries to bring the total number covered to 17. The enlargement, says Microsoft, is a significant challenge to Apple, who recently
Wall Street to Open Little Changed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is seen opening little  changed on Monday as crude prices remain high, but insurers may  dip on worries about their potential liabilities after a  hurricane struck Florida on Friday.
White pays for harsh words THERE are times when the game is truly worth the candle, when you are in the stadium and conscious of the privilege. It was like that at Lansdowne Road yesterday as Ireland produced one of their great performances
Raytheon Posts Third-Quarter Net Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Raytheon Co. reported a third-quarter  net profit on Thursday after a loss in the year-ago quarter.
Update 14: Martha Stewart Assigned to W.Va. Prison There are no gates or fences, and most days anyone can drive straight to the warden #39;s home at the Federal Correctional Institute here.
Crawford #39;s Bank Shot at Buzzer Saves Knicks A team in desperate need of a victory and a new star found them at the last second Thursday night. Jamal Crawford, the Knicks #39; main acquisition last summer, banked in a 26
NHS ties up 330million, 900,000 staff, nine-year deal with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The NHShas reached a landmark agreement with Microsoft on the renewal of the licensing of its desktop products in line with the Office of Government Commerce #39;s framework agreement with Microsoft.
When home means vulnerability Joan Marie Gilbert and her 15-year-old daughter moved into a mobile home because they couldn #39;t afford anything else. James and Jean Burns bought one because it was the
Hundreds Mourn Marine From Md.  Tracy Miller thinks about her son's touch and his voice, trying to grasp that she will never experience either again.
Ex-priest #39;s  #39;stunt days over #39; The defrocked Irish priest who sabotaged the Olympic Marathon has vowed that his illegal stunt days are over. Cornelius Horan, 57, was given a one-year suspended sentence by a Greek court after attacking the
Carrol: Arsenal game is huge Goalkeeper Roy Carroll has admitted that Manchester United cannot afford to drop points in their clash against the Premiership champions Arsenal at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Wizards Fall to Heat In Round 2 Near the end of the third quarter of the Miami Heat #39;s 103-93 win over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday, Shaquille O #39;Neal leaned against the scorer #39;s table in AmericanAirlines
India have it easy against Kenya Sourav Ganguly led from the front with a judicious 90 as India beat Kenya by 98 runs in their opening Group C match in the ICC Champions Trophy, at the Rose Bowl, Southampton, on Saturday.
Blair unveils a 10-point policy plan as he sets out vision for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tony Blair pledged to create an  quot;opportunity society quot; in which everyone had  quot;an equal chance to succeed quot; yesterday as he outlined the policies he would introduce if Labour wins an historic third term in power.
Long-driving Kuehne finally breaks out of 2004 slump Hank Kuehne knows he is something of a curiosity, a golfer with enormous gifts who can hit the ball jaw-dropping lengths. All of that is fine, and Kuehne
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks Move Lower; Dollar Falls Tokyo stocks dipped Monday morning as investors took profits from recent gains. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues fell 24.
Redknapp move angers Pompey fans The chairman of Portsmouth #39;s supporters club believes many fans will turn on former boss Harry Redknapp after his impending move to rivals Southampton.
Searchsite: A9 bowls a Googly SAN FRANCISCO: Thought nothing web search is synonymous with Google? Think again. Amazon new search site A9.com is set to better the mother of all search engines.
Lazard Is Near a Public Offer, Executives Say Bruce Wasserstein, who runs Lazard, the private investment bank, is developing a plan to take the company public, according to executives.
KRASNER TURNS TO LOCAL BIDDERS Leeds chairman Gerald Krasner is confident the club will be in the hands of new owners before Christmas after turning his attention to a group of local businessmen - and his back on Sebastien Sainsbury.
Thai hospitals on alert for more bird flu cases Hospitals and health officials across Thailand have been placed on high alert to monitor for any cases of human-to-human transmission of the deadly bird flu virus.
Coughlin taps QB ahead of schedule Coach Tom Coughlin announced the decision Sunday, a day after indicating he would not decide until after this week #39;s final preseason game.
Celtics 90 Trail Blazers 88 Pierce returned after taking a hit in the mouth during the final minute. He played with a mouth guard following seven hours of dental surgery after being hit with an elbow during Saturday #39;s win at New York.
Dismal weather takes control of NEC AKRON, Ohio -- Golf was supposed to be the headliner Thursday at Firestone Country Club in Akron. What turned out to be the featured performer, instead, was a nasty line of weather that made golf secondary to a lot of other things.
Shareholders put Disney board in dock Walt Disney #39;s board of directors went on trial this week on shareholder accusations that it merely rubber-stamped a decision to hire Michael Ovitz and allowed him to walk away
Jeanne cuts deadly path in Caribbean, heads for Bahamas SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic --Tropical Storm Jeanne headed for the Bahamas yesterday after an assault on the Dominican Republic that killed 10 people, destroyed hundreds of houses, and forced thousands from their homes.
Justices Agree to Hear Case on Sharing of Music Files The Supreme Court, accepting urgent pleas from the recording and film industries, agreed on Friday to decide whether the online services that enable copyrighted songs
An arms-hungry Saddam feared Iran, says report Saddam Hussein was obsessed with his status in the Arab world, dreaming of weapons of mass destruction to pump up his prestige. And even as the United States fixated on him, he was fixated on his neighboring enemy, Iran.
Dutch debate a 'values' divide after slaying The murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh underscores growing tensions in the Netherlands over Muslim integration.
The Turkish Question Yesterday, in one of its boldest moves, the European Commission agreed to begin talks on admitting Turkey to the EU. But fears run deep of a country of 70 million straddling Europe and Asia.
Venezuela audit reveals no fraud - observers International observers in Venezuela say an audit of the referendum results which confirmed President Hugo Chavez #39;s mandate in office has revealed no evidence of fraud.
Justice Department fights cyber crime WASHINGTON -- Moving against Internet crime, the Justice Department has launched a new crackdown on people who trade copyrighted programs over the Internet.
Blue-ray mass market move Singulus Technologies will begin selling machines for mass producing read-only Blu-ray Discs next year. German firm, Singulus, will supply machines that make the discs, called BD-ROMs, by
Groups Brace for Social Security Changes (AP) AP - Officials representing business groups, financial service companies, banks and insurance firms are gearing up for a legislative fight over Social Security, telling White House officials Thursday they are solidly behind President Bush's desire to remake the retirement system next year.
Musharraf and Aziz finalise strategy for New Delhi talks Ahead of the crucial talks between the Foreign Ministers of India and Pakistan, President Pervez Musharraf and new Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on Friday jointly finalised the strategy to be adopted at the New Delhi talks, emphasising that progress on all
Airbus gets go-ahead for A350 jet European plane maker Airbus won approval from its shareholders on Friday to start a fresh marketing battle against rival Boeing by seeking customers for a new wide-body jet to be known as the A350.
Nintendo's New Handheld Machine to Debut (AP) AP - Nintendo Co. said Tuesday it will release its new "dual screen" portable game machine in North America on Nov. 21 and in Japan 10 days later.
Microsoft, Intel team set to conquer US living rooms Microsoft Corp. and Intel Corp. are joining forces to conquer US living rooms and make further inroads into the coveted consumer electronics space.
Technology Rules in 'World of Tomorrow' You'd better hope your computer doesn't break down today, because every self-respecting geek with \$10 and a pulse will be queuing up to see "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow." &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Bin Laden tape lays blame for Saudi unrest on regime DUBAI (AFP) - An audiotape message attributed to top terror mastermind Osama bin Laden and broadcast on an Islamist website laid the blame for the unrest in Saudi Arabia on the kingdom #39;s regime.
Chips trend upward Advanced Micro Devices Chief Executive Hector de Jesus Ruiz said Friday he expects the PC market to grow 10 percent next year, as the industry experiences a pickup in IT spending by corporations that are in desperate need of replacing old computers.
Truth  amp; Rumors: Oct. 11, 2004 Baltimore #39;s Deion Sanders, recovered from his hamstring injury, made his first interception in four years in last night #39;s 17-10 win over Washington.
Judge Gives US Airways OK to Cut Workers Pay by 21 Percent A federal bankruptcy judge in Alexandria has granted US Airways permission to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent.
IBM scores \$1B in Danish contracts IBM said Wednesday that it has sewn up outsourcing deals with two Danish companies valued at more than \$1 billion over 10 years, reinforcing its strength in Europe.
Barrichello ready to finish F1 season on high note Rubens Barrichello has warned Ferrari team-mate Michael Schumacher that he is out to steal the world champion #39;s thunder in Sunday #39;s inaugural Chinese Formula One Grand Prix in Shanghai.
Tunnel bomb unleashed PALESTINIAN militants found a way around the heavy fortifications at the Israeli army post between Egypt and Gaza -- tunnelling under the base and blowing it up.
Milosevic wins appeal on defence The former Yugoslav president, Slobodan Milosevic, yesterday won back the right to lead his own defence at his trial for war crimes.
Union: US Air Talks with Pilots Break Off Talks between US Airways (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and the airline #39;s pilots union over a new round of concessions broke down on Monday, the union said.
Negative sentiment towards US stock market rises NEW YORK, August 17 (New Ratings)  Analysts at Merrill Lynch say that a recent survey of global fund managers demonstrates continuously increasing negative sentiments towards the US stock market trends.
NYC Police Arrest 250 in Bicycle Protest (AP) AP - In the first major clash between police and demonstrators converging for the Republican National Convention, more than 250 bicyclists were arrested during a protest ride that snaked through the city and passed by Madison Square Garden.
Brunell to Start Skins' Season Opener  WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins head  coach Joe Gibbs announced Monday that Mark Brunell will be  under center when the team begins its 2004 campaign against  Tampa Bay on September 12.
Accused bomber made enemy out of witness he allegedly stole from, taunted (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A man's claims of constant taunting by a relentless loan shark chipping away at his family's savings set him on a fiery revenge path to tell police damning stories about Ripudaman Singh Malik, implicating Malik in the Air India bombing, a defence lawyer argued.
Tesco drops Dairy Crest Shares in dairy giant Dairy Crest Group have fallen more than 18 percent after supermarket chain Tesco said it no longer wants its fresh milk.
Debating the Dinosaur Extinction At least 50 percent of the world's species, including the dinosaurs, went extinct 65 million years ago. While most scientists now blame this catastrophe on a large meteorite impact, others wonder if there is more to the story.
Pioneer to produce OLED phone screens next year Effort is part of industrywide movement to bring the brighter, energy-efficient screens to the mass market.
Two US soldiers killed, three wounded in Afghanistan KABUL (AFP) - Two US troops were killed and three wounded by a mine detonated by remote control in Afghanistan #39;s southcentral province of Uruzgan, the US military said.
Napster Back In Music Scene Napster founder Shawn Fanning has returned to the online downloading arena with the approval of some significant members of the music industry.
Ballmer security pitch leaves skeptics unswayed Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
BROWN #39;S PRAISE FOR BEARS CAPTAIN KNIGHT All-rounder Dougie Brown believes Nick Knight can lead Warwickshire to further success over the coming years after clinching the Frizzell County Championship.
Senate Wants Database Dragnet Lawmakers may soon pass a bill that would set up a huge network of databases that law enforcement officials could tap to find terrorists. But that kind of unfettered access to data about Americans raises eyebrows. By Ryan Singel.
Warriors Whack Pacers 104-96 (AP) AP - Mickael Pietrus gave Golden State just the lift it needed, contributing 15 points and six rebounds off the bench as the Warriors ended a four-game losing streak with a 104-96 win over the Indiana Pacers on Saturday night.
Political Prisoners Among Latest Freed in Myanmar Two senior pro-democracy leaders jailed in 1995 for distributing anti-government pamphlets were freed in military-ruled Myanmar on Sunday, part of the junta #39;s latest release of more than 5,000 prisoners.
Ukrainian Government Blamed for Poisoning Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko said Thursday that he was sure he was poisoned by the Ukrainian government after a Sept. 5 dinner with the head of the country's security service.
'Suicide pact' leads to tragedy A teenager dies from a suspected drugs overdose after apparently making a suicide pact with her best friend.
GOP Backs Off on Ethics Changes (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; House Republicans on Monday reversed a decision, made less than two months ago, that would have allowed Majority Leader Tom DeLay of Texas to remain in his leadership post if he was indicted by a grand jury in his home state.
U.S. Searches Computers, Trying to Disrupt Piracy Federal authorities conducted six searches Wednesday in an attempt to disrupt a network used to trade copies of movies, software, games, and music.
South Korea chip makers face US probe into price fixing SEOUL: South Korean microchip makers said they face a US investigation into a price-fixing conspiracy in which German maker Infineon technologies has already suffered heavy fines.
FDA Reviewers Mixed Over Two New Cancer Drugs  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Food and Drug Administration  staff reviewers on Tuesday questioned clinical data for  non-Hodgkin's lymphoma drug Marqibo, made by Inex  Pharmaceuticals Corp. and Enzon Pharmaceuticals Inc..
Forex: Dollar Falls After Fed Rate Hike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended its losses on  Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as  expected but signaled that both inflation and inflation  expectations were easing.
Tamil Separatists Threaten More Violence in Sri Lanka The separatist Tamil Tiger guerrillas declared Saturday that they would renew fighting unless the government immediately agreed
Domestic Issues on The Front Burner President Bush has turned his attention to domestic policy, seeking to leave historic stamps on the graduated tax code, the health care system and Social Security, all hallmarks of Democratic rule.
400 Darfur refugees dying every day THE first detailed medical study of survivors of the Sudanese genocide suggests the death toll has been seriously underestimated and concludes the massive attacks in the Darfur region amount to a demographic catastrophe.
Red Sox present World Series trophy to Rhode Island Boston Red Sox pitcher Bronson Arroyo and team president Larry Lucchino took the World Series trophy to Rhode Island on Thursday, as fans gathered to celebrate the historic accomplishment.
US guard 'stomped' on Iraqis A colleague testifies against the woman pictured in photos from Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison, Pte Lynndie England.
Unanet's Software Lets Managers Watch Work in Progress For about a decade, Frances B. Craig looked for a product to build her company around. She had started an information technology consulting company but missed building software to help companies operate efficiently.
Staying on top of things Acton-Boxboro's girls' soccer team didn't wait long to set the tone. Less than two minutes into its 3-0 upset of No. 2 Lincoln-Sudbury yesterday, sophomore Natalie Crutchfield controlled a cross from Caitlin Berry and found the back of the net.
Stocks End Slightly Higher as Profit Worries Ease Investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.
Microsoft Acquires Anti-Spyware Leader GIANT Company Microsoft Corp. today announced that it has acquired GIANT Company Software Inc., a provider of top-rated anti-spyware and Internet security products.
Yahoo Unveils New Mail Enhancements Recently Yahoo unveiled some new features for their email service, Yahoo Mail. Some of the new features include improved search, Address AutoComplete, and full implementation of DomainKeys.
Google acts to cover up phishing hole Google on Thursday fixed a security flaw in its Web search service that could have allowed malicious hackers to modify its pages. According to a report posted to the Bugtraq Security Focus list on Wednesday
Fiorina: Sometimes IT spending is a 'bad thing' Not expecting a rush of IT spending during the last three months of 2004, Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina said Thursday that IT buyers have become smarter and more discriminating in their IT purchasing than they were just five years ago, and that they now realize that technology spending can sometimes be a "bad thing."
Four Americans killed in Baghdad blasts WASHINGTON: Four US nationals and six Iraqis were killed in two attacks yesterday in the Green Zone in Baghdad. The four Americans killed were security staff with a private company, US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said.
French investigators probe copy-protected CDs EMI and retailer Fnac face legal challenge over antipiracy technology that blocks discs from playing on some devices.
Nichols Declines to Appeal Convictions PONCA CITY, Okla. - Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols will not appeal his state murder convictions for his role in the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building, his attorney said Thursday...
WTO Eyes U.S. Offshore Web Gambling Ban (AP) AP - In a ruling that could open the United States to offshore Internet gambling, a World Trade Organization panel Wednesday said Washington should drop prohibitions on Americans placing bets in online casinos.
HP to release Virus Throttler for Windows in 2005 HP plans to add virus-throttling technology to ProLiant servers and ProCurve switches starting in early 2005. Virus Throttler technology slows the spread of a virus or worm within an infected server to give  administrators time to act.
Powerful bomb injures 32 civilians in Kathmandu (AFP) AFP - A powerful bomb planted by suspected Maoist rebels exploded in a brand new government office block in the centre of the Nepalese capital Kathmandu, injuring 32 people, police said.
Treasuries Rise as Oil Spikes to Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries climbed on Tuesday  amid a relentless rise in oil costs that hinted at a slowdown  in consumer spending in the coming holiday season.
Bomb threat jet given all-clear A Greek Olympic Airlines flight is allowed to fly again after a bomb threat diverted it to a British airport.
Seminoles Finally Fall Off Upset #39;s Edge The Maryland offense finally found its rhythm. Its fans found the field. The unranked Terrapins (4-4) dominated No. 5 Florida State #39;s ninthranked defense and held off the
Solution Technology is acquired Michigan-based Logicalis paying \$15.7 million for Indianapolis IT firm; MindGent spinoff not included in deal. By Norm Heikens. Solution Technology Inc.
Mobile apps rising The DemoMobile 2004 spotlight shone on tools and services designed to mobilize business and application processes, as earlier concerns regarding wireless infrastructure build out and coverage have faded.
Virgin Music Download Service Aims to Bite Apple, MSN, Yahoo Virgin Music Download Service Aims to Bite Apple, MSN, Yahoo\\On Monday Virgin launched a digital music download service which is expected to challenge Napster, iTunes, MSN Music Store, and Yahoo as the first digital music download service with two big brother backing it up, the Virgin Music Store Chain and ...
George Walker Bush, Jr., Re-elected President of the United States Former alcoholic and functional illiterate George W. Bush has won re-election and will retain his office as 43th President of the United States of America, despite a proven inability to pronounce the word "nuclear".    The final tally of electoral votes was updated live throughout election day, 02 November 2004, by Andrew Tanenbaum of Electoral-Vote.com, where he stayed up all night hopefully tabulating the votes, only to sob bitterly at the sheer monstrous ratfuckery of it all.  He then asked to be excused to the bathroom, from which a single gunshot was later heard.
UPDATE 1-ING to sell Baring Asset Management Financial group ING (ING.AS: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to sell Baring Asset Management (BAM) to US groups MassMutual and Northern Trust (NTRS.
Chelsea still on course after Arsenal draw Chelsea have preserved their five-point lead over champions Arsenal after their pulsating London derby finished 2-2 at Highbury. Thierry Henry, who scored both the home side #39;s goals, took
Benitez keeps eye on the prize Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez believes that his side have every chance of making the Champions League knockout stage tonight. The Spaniard is confident that the Reds can claim the 1-0 or two-goal win against
U.S. to Give Cuba  #36;50,000 Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - Cubans hit hard by hurricane Charley will receive  #36;50,000 in U.S. assistance, the State Department said Friday.
Apple takes minimalism step further in chic iMac Apple took its trademark minimalism a step further on Tuesday as it launched the latest computer in the iMac family that helped restore the companys fortunes: a sleek flat-panel monitor with processor and drives built in.
Cassini Shows Grandeur of Two Saturn Moons JPL -- New views of two of Saturn #39;s moons, Titan and Tethys, represent the most detailed look at these moons to date and show a sharp contrast between them -- one is foggy and one is cratered.
'Half-Life 2' Release Set for November After Delay  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Vivendi Universal Games said on  Tuesday it plans to ship "Half-Life 2" to retailers in  November, bringing to market the eagerly anticipated PC game  that has been plagued by missed launch dates and a hacker  attack on its development company.
Reds' Vander Wal Becomes Free Agent (AP) AP - Pinch-hitter John Vander Wal chose free agency Wednesday instead of a demotion off the Reds' 40-man roster.
Nintendo DS vs. Sony PSP As Fool Seth Jayson noted last week, Nintendo (OTC BB: NTDOY) had sold half a million of its portable Nintendo DS units within a week of their November 21 launch in the United States.
The China Post The Asian Wall Street Journal yesterday described US Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s support of Taiwan #39;s eventual reunification with China as a  quot;slip-up, quot; when most Taiwanese have rejected it.
Reports May Indicate N.Korea Nuclear Test-NY Times (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration has received\recent intelligence reports that some experts believe could\indicate North Korea is preparing to conduct its first nuclear\weapons test explosion, The New York Times reported in Sunday\editions.
Wal-Mart warning overshadows holiday sales figures United States shoppers have spent more on the first day of holiday shopping than they did a year ago but retailers #39; hopes for the key season were curbed as titan Wal-Mart cut its November sales forecast.
Scotsman praised as media urged to keep Dafur in spotlight POLITICIANS and aid agencies yesterday stressed the importance of the media in keeping the spotlight on the appalling human rights abuses taking place in the Darfur region of Sudan.
Retailers ask: Why wait? It's only Thanksgiving, but Sara Taggart already feels behind on her Christmas shopping.
Top toys list released by testing council OTTAWA - The best new toys on Canadian store shelves as the shopping season approaches include a dancing robo t and an electronic guessing game, according to a new report.
Donald romps to Masters win England #39;s Luke Donald won the European Masters by five shots for his second victory on the European Tour. Donald, who won the Scandinavian Masters six weeks ago, shot a final-round 66 to finish five ahead of overnight leader Miguel Angel Jimenez.
Buttiglione singles out a new target: lone parents The new European Commission president, Jose Manuel Barroso, is under mounting pressure to strip Italy #39;s designated justice commissioner, of his role in anti-discrimination policy after he made another gaffe at the weekend.
Fannie Mae #39;s woes may cost home buyers US home buyers may see a slight rise in mortgage rates if housing finance company Fannie Mae, which is mired in an accounting scandal, slows purchases of bonds backed
With F.C.C. Consent, Cingular Buys AT T Wireless The \$41 billion deal will create the country's largest mobile phone provider.
Jonathan #39;s Space Report No. 537 - October 27, 2004 Soyuz TMA-5 docked with the Pirs module on Oct 16 at 0416 UTC. Sharipov, Chiao, Shargin, Padalka and Fincke spent a week aboard the Station and at 1814 UTC on Oct 23 Padalka, Fincke and Shargin entered Soyuz
VSNL buys out Tyco unit for \$130 mn MUMBAI, NOVEMBER 1: India Inc is stepping up acquisitions abroad. In its latest shopping abroad, Tata group firm Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd (VSNL) has signed an agreement to buy Bermuda-based Tyco Global Network
Cendant buying spree continues with \$1bn UK deal Cendant, the worlds largest travel group, continued its buying spree, saying on Thursday it had agreed to buy privately held Gullivers Travel Associates, the UK-based travel company, and Octopus Travel for about \$1.1bn cash.
Citigroup unit sold for \$4.4B Citigroup said Monday it agreed to sell its truck-financing business to GE Commercial Finance for \$4.4 billion, concluding a recent spate of divestitures in its leasing operations.
Sox suffer setback: Tampa rookie Kazmir shuts down Boston With a huge three-game series against the Yankees set to begin Friday in the Bronx, the Red Sox could hardly be blamed for viewing this week #39;s three-game set
Jarden Buying Mr. Coffee #39;s Maker Consumer products company Jarden Corp. (JAH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy American Household Inc. for \$745.
Ricketson needs a downgrade DEVASTATED Sydney Roosters lock Luke Ricketson this morning will meet club officials to formalise a defence against a striking charge which, if unsuccessful, will see him miss Sunday #39;s grand final.
Holy DVD! &lt;i&gt;The Passion of the Christ&lt;/i&gt; is a hot DVD, even if the film studios were cast as doubting Thomas' understudies.
Peering through the smog: Can cars be clean? As a bicycle kingdom gearing-up to become an automobile society, China, the world #39;s third largest car manufacturing base, is facing a serious problem of automobile-related pollution and soaring levels of petrol consumption.
US begins new Afghan operation The US says it has started a new offensive against Taleban and al-Qaeda militants, ahead of a planned poll.
Golf: A hyperactive Ryder Cup The 35th Ryder Cup had not yet begun but the corporate pavilions were already in full swing: impatient clients and red and white impatiens in place at each well-appointed table inside Nicklaus Village.
No. 1 USC 31, Stanford 28 USC had another harrowing trip to the Bay Area. Thanks to their defense and their unstoppable tailback tandem, this one had a much happier ending.
Lack of Security Keeps Food From Haitians While desperately hungry flood victims wander the streets of Gonaives searching for help, tons of food aid is piling up in a warehouse guarded by UN peacekeepers.
Wilson Gets 10th Win As Reds Drop Pirates (AP) AP - Paul Wilson became Cincinnati's second 10-game winner in as many nights, and the Reds used a five-run first inning to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7-4 on Saturday night.
Microsoft Now Offers Blogging Tools A new free new tool lets people easily set up personal journals, often called blogs, on the World Wide Web. MSN Spaces, which debuts in test form Thursday, is aimed at home users who want to share things such
Study: Americans happier with their PCs US consumers are happier with their PC purchases than they have been in the past three years, with Apple Computer and Dell pleasing them most, according to a report.
Commonwealth Large capsules GREATER LAWRENCE Coach: Steve Berard (fifth year, 12-30). Last year's record: 2-8. Returning starters: N/A. Returning lettermen: N/A. Strength: Numbers. Weakness: Lack of winning tradition. Outlook: After a tough season in which the Reggies picked up just two victories and went winless in league play, things can only get better. Steve Berard's squad was often mentioned as a sleeper in ...
Petro-Canada offer raises \$2.5bn Canada #39;s government has set the price for the sale of its remaining 19 percent in oil company Petro-Canada, raising C\$3.18 billion (\$2.
AGASSI BACK ON TRACK Top seed Andre Agassi began the quest for his second title of year with a comfortable victory in the first round of the Stockholm Open.
Oil Platforms in Gulf Make Ready for Ivan Description: With Hurricane Ivan approaching, oil companies evacuate hundreds of oil workers from drilling platforms in the Gulf of Mexico.
Father of Nike, Marketing Guru Gives Up Post Philip H. Knight resigned yesterday as head of the Oregon sneaker company that he built into Nike Inc., a global sportswear powerhouse that made everyone want to soar in Air Jordans, Wear
Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid Deadline Nears (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Friday\won the backing of two more key public pension funds in its\ #36;8.8-billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc.  as the\17-month takeover battle between the two California-based\business software makers neared a key deadline.
Royal Group Technologies shares remain halted as rumours swirl TORONTO (CP) - Trading in shares of Royal Group Technologies Ltd. remained halted by regulatory order Thursday amid rumours about police and securities commission investigations of the building products maker.
SunGard to spin off disaster unit SunGard, which provides software and services to top financial companies, will spin off its disaster data recovery business into a separate publicly traded company through a tax-free distribution of shares, according to executives.
Yankees are hoping latest sting doesn't prove fatal Before, it was a nuisance. Now, it has become a downright menace to the Yankees.
Microsoft Set to Deliver New Windows Service Pack Beta Microsoft is poised to deliver a new interim build of its Windows Server 2003 SP1 (Service Pack 1) to testers. Windows Server 2003 SP1 is the server complement to the recently released Windows XP SP2 (Service
New find raises questions about earliest humans LONDON - Modern humans began dominating the world far earlier than thought, according to anthropologists who say they #39;ve discovered fossils of a new human dwarf species.
Nalbandian to vie for Madrid Masters title Argentine David Nalbandian entered the Madrid Master final on Saturday, scoring 6-4 and 6-4 victory over Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia.
Bush Web Site Bars Overseas Visitors The Bush-Cheney reelection campaign has barred people outside the United States from viewing its Web site following an electronic attack that took down the campaign's Internet address for six hours last week, according\to computer security experts. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Petit may provide Arsenal with stop-gap solution - Wenger Arsenal may consider signing French midfielder Emmanuel Petit as a stop-gap solution to their midfield injury problems, manager Arsene Wenger says.
Yankees Take Dramatic 12-Inning Victory Over Twins Hideki Matsui hit a sacrifice fly to score Derek Jeter in the bottom of the 12th inning, giving the New York Yankees a dramatic 7-6 victory over the Minnesota Twins in the American League Divisional Series Wednesday.
Cigarette Maker Agrees To Limit Hip-Hop Marketing Theme ALBANY, NY -- The makers of Kool cigarettes have settled lawsuits claiming it was targeting black youths. RJ Reynolds Tobacco Company agreed to limit a hip-hop marketing campaign following lawsuits by attorneys
Woodward leads Mahar Scott Woodward may be the best quarterback you've never heard of. The senior signal-caller for Mahar Regional has put up huge numbers over the past two years, but none were more impressive or important than the ones he had yesterday.
College Basketball: Oklahoma State Beats Syracuse  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Brothers Joey and Stephen  Graham scored 16 points apiece and No. 5 Oklahoma State used a  strong second half performance to beat fourth-ranked Syracuse  74-60 in the second game of the Jimmy V Classic at Madison  Square Garden.
Sinn Fein leaders, police chief meet in bid for peace accord LONDON -- Leaders of the IRA-allied Sinn Fein party talked with Northern Ireland's police commander for the first time ever yesterday in pursuit of a new peace agreement between Catholics and Protestants.
Only Great White Shark at Calif. Aquarium (AP) AP - The Monterey Bay Aquarium has an unusual visitor that experts are hoping will be a permanent houseguest: a great white shark.
US Shares Poised to Start Slightly Weaker  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. shares were poised to start  slightly weaker on Tuesday as investors look past potential  merger activity to a Federal Reserve that is expected to raise  borrowing costs.
New Napoli club to play in Serie C1 A new Naples football club, formed to replace the bankrupt team of the Italian city, has been handed a place in the country #39;s third division.
Gore: Bush Deceived Public on Iraq (AP) AP - Al Gore on Monday accused President Bush of intentionally deceiving the public about the reasons for invading Iraq and said he is so ideologically driven that he refuses to admit  #151; or even learn from  #151; his mistakes.
Amazon Profit Misses Estimates  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMZN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMZN.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit but its stock fell  more than 4 percent as the online retailer's results failed to  top Wall Street expectations.
Hard-Line Serbian Defends Milosevic Slobodan Milosevic angrily refused to work with two court-appointed lawyers Tuesday as they called the first witness in his war crimes defense case - an elderly Serbian nationalist who taught the ex-Yugoslav leader law and advised the wartime Serbian
Oil Steady as Winter Worries Stem Decline  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held steady on Thursday as  concern over lean heating fuel supplies in the United States  and Europe ahead of winter stemmed falls of nearly \$10 since  late October.
Soccer Club to Be Charged With Murder (AP) AP - Police plan to file murder charges against Sao Caetano club officials for the death of defenseman Serginho, who collapsed on the field and died of heart failure last month.
Italy Calls To End Kyoto Climate Limits After 2012 ROME - Italy has called for an end to the Kyoto Protocol after the environmental treaty #39;s initial period in 2012, preferring voluntary agreements that would entice the United States, China and India to tackle climate change.
Apple: ITunes Music Store Accepts PayPal (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc.  on\Friday said customers of its iTunes online music store can now\use eBay Inc.'s  online payment service PayPal to buy\songs and audio books, becoming the second major online music\store to do so.
Ex-Kosovo rebels face first war crimes trial AMSTERDAM -- The first international war crimes trial of Kosovo Albanians began yesterday, with three former rebels accused of abducting and killing suspected collaborators and Serb civilians during the 1998-to-'99 conflict.
MSN Music launched in eight European countries Microsoft responded quickly to Apple #39;s recent European expansion for its iTunes service by launching its own online music service MSN Music in eight European countries.
News: Webroot: Spyware is Windows-only Spyware, those annoying programs that snoop on a user's actions, remain a Windows-only phenomenon.\
Airbus attacks Washington #39;s WTO challenge PARIS Aircraft maker Airbus is attacking a US decision to file a World Trade Organization complaint over subsidies Airbus. Airbus today says the US complaint shows that Washington is unwilling to negotiate
Quotes From Allawi Speech (AP) AP - Reaction to Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's speech Thursday to a joint meeting of Congress:
Framing the Electoral College The framers of the Constitution may not have created the perfect system for electing a National Executive, but the Electoral College works. However, just as we still debate the virtue of a Direct Election today, so too did the framers at the Constitutional Convention in 1787.  Among the framers that spoke on the subject were James Madison, Alexander Hamilton, James Wilson, Gouverneur Morris, and Charles Pinckney. The latter three served on the committee responsible for discussing the powers of and the election of the National Executive. What did they have to say about a Direct Election and how did they come to choose the Electoral College instead?
Cairn to oppose cess on output Cairn Energy Plc, which plans to produce 80,000-1,00,000 barrel of crude oil per day from its Mangala and Aishwariya fields in Rajasthan, is disputing a tax that has been imposed on production.
800 million takeover battle for Man Utd Manchester United today electrified the world of football by revealing that it has received a takeover offer worth up to 800 million.
Rangers drop a heartbreaker The waning moments against the Angels on Monday had all the elements of another memorable night in what has proved to be an unforgettable season for the Rangers.
Zara chain takes fur off shelves Inditex, the Spanish fashion group which owns Zara and Massimo Dutti, agrees to ditch fur just days before widespread demonstrations.
Passenger attacks pilots with axe A man is arrested after attacking two pilots and a passenger with an axe on an internal flight in Norway.
Giants to Start Manning Against Carolina (AP) AP - Eli Manning is going to get a chance to open the season as the New York Giants' starting quarterback.
Rockies Clobber Dodgers 4-1 (AP) AP - Jeromy Burnitz's RBI single with one out in the ninth inning sparked a three-run rally, and the Colorado Rockies beat Los Angeles 4-1 Wednesday night to slow the Dodgers' drive to their first playoff berth in eight years.
Merck offers Vioxx defense  NEW YORK -- Merck  amp; Co.'s campaign to defend itself in the wake of the recall of the pain reliever Vioxx intensified last week, as it placed a package of three full-page ads in seven prominent newspapers beginning last Friday. That follows several television appearances, as well as testimony before Congress by the company's chief executive.
IBM Boosts Power5 Server Portfolio IBM has rolled out new Power5 server models i595 and p595. The ability to run multiple operating systems on a single server is a particularly attractive to customers handling an array of software platforms, says IBM #39;s Guy Paradise.
Cisco source code theft p2pnet.net News:- British police have arrested a man in connection with source code stolen from Cisco Systems. The Metro police computer crime unit,  quot;searched residences in Manchester and Derbyshire, England, on Sept.
Serving up a Slam to savour SOMEWHERE along the road that each year begins in Melbourne and stretches to Paris and London before ending in New York, tennis has become interesting again.
Canon to Start Making Rear Projection TVs in 2005  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese camera and office equipment  maker Canon Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7751.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7751.T&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday it would start  producing rear projection televisions later this year, aiming  to secure a chunk of the rapidly growing market for big screen  TVs.
Grosjean, Kuerten will skip next month #39;s Paris Masters Paris, France (Sports Network) - French favorite Sebastien Grosjean and three- time Roland Garros champion Gustavo Kuerten of Brazil will not play in next month #39;s Paris Masters due to injuries.
On Tape, Abducted Reporter Says He's OK (AP) AP - A U.S. journalist abducted by militants in Iraq and threatened with death said in a video aired Friday that his captors were treating him well, while an Italian journalist also was reported missing in the war-torn country.
Anorexic Girls Bond on Web to Dismay of Doctors (Reuters) Reuters - An underground subculture of\teenage girls who bond over their eating disorders and glorify\bone-thin celebrities has surfaced on the Internet, in a\growing trend that experts say frustrates treatment.
Justice Dept Approves Cingular-AT T Deal (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. antitrust authorities on Monday\approved Cingular Wireless' plan to acquire rival AT T Wireless\Services Inc. for  #36;41 billion in cash, creating the nation's\biggest wireless carrier.
Stocks Knocked Lower on Drug Sector, Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday  amid heavy trading volume, as a slew of negative reports from  top drug makers and a more than \$2 a barrel increase in oil  prices weighed on the market.
Marlins welcome back Leiter CBC SPORTS ONLINE - After spending the last seven seasons with the New York Mets, Al Leiter was feeling a little nostalgic. Leiter signed a one-year contract with the Florida Marlins, a team he helped lead to a World Series title in 1997.
Europe probe arrives at the Moon European Space Agency's Smart 1 probe is set to enter into orbit around the Moon on Monday.
New Goodison contract for Moyes Everton manager David Moyes has signed a new contract which will keep him at the club until 2009. The 41-year-old Scot has steered the Toffees to third place in the Barclays Premiership table despite last
Cuba starts 'huge' military drill Hundreds of thousands of soldiers and "millions" of civilians take part in defence exercises in Cuba.
Panasonic Shows 65-Inch Plasma Display Newest HDTV is the largest such device designed for consumers, company claims.
Gilat and Cisco collaborating on satellite interface routers Gilat Satellite Networks (TASE, Nasdaq: GILTF) has entered into an OEM (original equipment manufacturer) agreement with giant telecoms equipment manufacturer Cisco Systems.
Pedro aces a big test No matter where he happens to fall in the rotation, and he admits he has slipped a spot, Pedro Martinez insists he still is No. 1 on the day he pitches.
It #39;s splitsville for Clijsters and Hewitt Brussels, Belgium (Sports Network) - Tennis stars Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt have ended their relationship, according to Clijsters #39; web site.
SpaceShipOne survives a scare MOJAVE, Calif. -- SpaceShipOne corkscrewed its way into space yesterday, succeeding in its first of two runs for the \$10 million X Prize, but not before prompting the event #39;s otherwise effusive commentator to drop an octave and utter,  quot;Uh-oh.
Going extra innings Ten years ago, Bud Selig was commissioner of a sport shut down in a bitter labor dispute and headed for the darkest period in its long, illustrious history.
Apple Computer face further payout to Beatles #39; company Apple Computer, maker of the iPod music player and online iTunes Music Store, is likely to be forced into a multimillion-pound payout to Apple Corporation, the Beatles #39; management
Microsoft 'warns of Linux claims' Microsoft tells Asian leaders that they could face intellectual property rights claims if they use free Linux software, a report says.
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week--MBA (Reuters) Reuters - Applications for U.S. home mortgages\declined last week as refinancing activity fell and mortgage\rates were little changed, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Arsenal Loses Again in Premier League (AP) AP - Arsenal dropped five points behind Chelsea in the English Premier League on Sunday after losing 2-1 to Liverpool on an injury-time goal by Neil Mellor.
UH MBA grad takes over as Kmart CEO A graduate of the University of Houston #39;s master of business administration program has taken over the reins of Kmart Corp. as president and CEO.
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week -MBA  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for U.S. home mortgages  fell last week, which was shortened by the Thanksgiving  holiday, as mortgage rates edged higher, an industry group said  on Wednesday.
After lynchings, Mexico looks inward SAN JUAN IXTAYOPAN, Mexico -- A pair of wooden crosses outside the elementary school are all that mark the macabre site where, just weeks ago, an angry mob captured two federal police officers, beat them unconscious, and set them on fire.
Australia elect to bat in second test v India Australia #39;s stand-in captain Adam Gilchrist elected to bat in the second test against India on Thursday. Australia, 1-0 up in the four-match series, retained the same eleven
Randolph meets with GM Minaya Willie Randolph used the word we several times in reference to the Mets on Monday when discussing his interview for the managerial vacancy in Queens.
Plenty of Tickets Remain Howard's 0-2 start and the threat of rain from Hurricane Ivan have slowed ticket sales for Saturday's Prince George's Classic at FedEx Field, organizers said Tuesday.
CZAR: Giants could have had Big Ben A not so-funny thing will happen Saturday. Giant fans will see Ben Roethlisberger, the quarterback that got away when the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Meadowlands.
Amnesty Condemns U.S. for War on Terror Torture (Reuters) Reuters - The United States has manifestly failed\to uphold obligations to reject torture and cruel, inhuman or\degrading behavior in the "war on terror" launched after Sept.\11, 2001, Amnesty International said on Wednesday.
Indiana kicks aside Eagles BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Josh Tudela headed in a corner kick from Brian Plotkin in the 41st minute, lifting defending national champion Indiana to a 1-0 NCAA Division 1 soccer tournament win over Boston College yesterday.
Pentagon says it will open tanker deal to competition WASHINGTON The Pentagon says it #39;s reopening a controversial deal to supply refueling tankers to the Air Force, dealing a blow to Chicago-based Boeing.
Elimination perfectly executed ATHENS -- I have not come to bury the Americans. I have come to praise the Argentines.
UN appeals for release of Kabul kidnap trio The UN has issued an appeal for the immediate return of its three staff members, which included a woman from Northern Ireland, kidnapped in Kabul last week.
US argues for federal VoIP rules AMERICA #39;s chief communications regulator will seek broad regulatory authority for the US federal government over internet-based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.
Update 5: PeopleSoft Extends Its Customer Program PeopleSoft Inc. said Tuesday it is extending a money-back guarantee program that it says is designed to protect customers in the event of a takeover by its rival software maker Oracle Corp.
Kiwis earn draw in Auckland AUCKLAND: New Zealand produced a superb fight back to hold Australia to a 16-16 draw in the opening game of the Tri-Nations series in Auckland.
Battle heightens over San Francisco bridge costs Plagued by delays and cost overruns, a \$5.1 billion renovation of San Francisco #39;s Bay Bridge has run into added problems as the state refuses to pay for
Big Easy comes through on a tough day in Ireland Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, Els breezed through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under 64, giving him a two-shot lead and hope that he
Click Fraud Threatens Web Someone could make the argument that watchdogs have better things to do. But click fraud -- endlessly clicking on ads to generate cash or hurt a competitor -- is a serious threat to the web business, and no one's doing much about it. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
No. 17 LSU 26, Alabama 10 LSU defensive end Marcus Spears and linebacker Cameron Vaughn combined for the go-ahead touchdown to help the No. 17 Tigers beat Alabama 26-10 on Saturday night.
Hamas chief rejects ceasefire THE leader of Hamas in its Gaza Strip stronghold, Mahmud Zahar, has rejected any suggestion that the hardline group could soon call a halt to its campaign of attacks against Israel.
Court Case Pits Google and Geico A trademark infringement suit against Google may alter how the search industry makes a profit.
KMart Posts Profit; Cash Pile Grows  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite  slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and  discounts, boosting its cash pile to \$2.6 billion.
Indian press lashes Putin for ruling out UN Security Council veto (AFP) AFP - President Vladimir Putin earned a thumbs-down from India's media after failing to back veto rights for any new permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
War fears rise in Ivory Coast a second day, fuelling fears of a slide into all-out war in the world #39;s top cocoa grower. A UN spokesman said on Friday 18 people, including two rebels, had been killed in the bombings.
NFL Game Summary - Washington at Philadelphia Owens didn #39;t catch a pass in the first half, the first time all season he has gone without a reception in any half. His 13 touchdowns tied a club record accomplished three other times, most recently by Mike
An Afghan woman who would be president Qalai Zaman Khan, Afghanistan -- Masooda Jalal, the woman who would be president of Afghanistan, stands inside the mud walls of a bread bakery in this hardscrabble village on the outskirts of Kabul.
Everhart won't join Huggins The merry-go-round future of Northeastern men's basketball coach Ron Everhart slowed down, at least temporarily, yesterday when Everhart decided not to pursue a position as an assistant on Bob Huggins's staff at the University of Cincinnati.
Eurozone frets over rising euro, stability pact (AFP) AFP - European finance ministers expressed concern at  quot;excess volatility quot; in currency rates in talks that also took in the vexed question of reforms to the eurozone's tattered budget rules.
Fiorina: HP Readies Software To Choke Computer Worms Who says Carly Fiorina doesn #39;t have a firm hand on the business? Hewlett-Packard (nyse: HPQ - news - people ) is working on software to choke the spread of Internet viruses and worms.
Pacers Top Hawks 108-97 in OT Atlanta Hawks forward Antoine Walker (8) fouls Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster, left, on a drive during the fourth quarter, Tuesday, Dec. 14, 2004, at Philips Arena in Atlanta.
TSA Deal Overpaid Boeing, Report Says Boeing Co. received at least \$49 million in excessive profits on a \$1.2 billion contract to supply explosives-detection systems to hundreds of the nation's airports, the Department of Homeland Security's inspector general reported. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Tonight on TV MISSOURI (1-0) VS. TROY STATE (1-0) When, where: Tonight, 7, at Troy, Ala. TV: ESPN2 AP ranking: Missouri is No. 19 The line: Missouri by 10 1/2 Last meeting: 2002, Missouri won, 44-7 What to watch: Missouri QB Brad Smith completed 14 of 22 passes for 233 yards, threw three TD passes and ran for a 34-yard score in a ...
Lack of finishing kicks ends Revolution's run WASHINGTON -- Another Revolution season concluded with an overtime elimination. Last night, the Revolution thrice rallied from deficits for a 3-3 tie with D.C. United in the Eastern Conference final, then lost in the first-ever Major League Soccer match decided by penalty kicks.
Judge Nixes Internet Child Porn Law in Pa. (AP) AP - A federal judge threw out on Friday a Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers to block Web sites containing child pornography, saying the law was unconstitutional and cannot be enforced.
What #39;s the problem? Brady Quinn stood patiently, almost valiantly, sputtering out answers to questions that had no politically correct response. More appropriate might be disposing of the film of
Phillip Island shapes as star #39;s crowning glory ITALIAN superstar Valentino Rossi could wrap up his fourth consecutive championship in the premier motorcycle class at Phillip Island this weekend.
PeopleSoft Board KOs Oracle Takeover Bid (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors rejected Oracle Corp.'s  #36;9.2 billion takeover bid Wednesday and vowed to continue its staunch resistance even if a majority of the business software maker's shareholders decide to accept the offer.
What Is Your CRM Personality? - Part 2 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - In Part 1 of this series, \Gartner research director Scott Nelson made the case that the decision to buy a CRM application involves much more than price, implementation costs and strategic goals of the company.
Trescothick Ton Lifts England Marcus Trescothick maintained his consistent form in the ICC Champions Trophy with a century as favourites England totalled 217 against West Indies in todays final at The Oval.
Shadow of Perry still looms over British game Britain last won the Davis Cup in 1936. You can account for the paucity of confidence in the British team last weekend when you realise their last victory predates rationing.
New tradition starts in California For 54 years, Labor Day weekend meant one thing to NASCAR: a trip to Darlington Raceway for the Southern 500. No more. A new tradition will begin today with the Pop Secret
Paris reiterates its support for Turkey #39;s entry into EU French President Jacques Chirac reiterated Friday its support for Turkish membership for the European Union (EU). Chirac noted that  quot;in any case, we should take all the necessary
Halliburton not notified on contract ban in Nigeria: spokeswoman WASHINGTON, Sept 20 : US company Halliburton said Nigeria has not notified it about its decision to place an embargo on awarding government contracts to the oil services giant #39;s subsidiary in the west African country.
Bush Has a Plan to Create Jobs (AP) AP - Hiring is picking up and President Bush is on track to preside over job growth in his second term, shedding the Herbert Hoover label of being the first president since the Great Depression to lose jobs under his watch.
Microsoft Ups Ante Vs. iTunes NEW YORK - Microsoft #39;s new offensive in the digital music industry will seek to significantly alter the competitive landscape in a new market that until now has largely been dominated by Apple Computer and its powerful combination of the iPod portable
Facing the Copyright Rap Including snippets of another artist's song in your work -- a popular rapper technique known as 'sampling' -- may violate copyright law, an appeals court rules.
Wolfsburg remains top Martin Petrov put the home side ahead early, but Kaiserslautern #39;s Carsten Jancker made it 1-1 with just eight minutes remaining.
University of Michigan The participating libraries include those at the University of Michigan, Google co-founder Larry Page #39;s alma mater; Stanford University, where Page and Google co-founder Sergey Brin met as doctoral students and dreamed up the idea of the search engine
Report asserts Kazaa makes the rules Setting aside Sharman Networks #39; objections, an Australian judge accepted on Friday an affidavit with potentially damaging assertions about Kazaa #39;s handling of copyrighted material.
Google launches new site for readers, publishers Leading web search engine Google launched a new site for book lovers at the world #39;s largest publishing show on Thursday that will provide a new avenue for sales.
JBoss unveils work flow engine The product represents the next stage in the company's strategy to build a full open-source middleware stack.\
A New Crew Arrives At the Space Station A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the International Space Station docked safely with the orbiting complex early today.
PeopleSoft v. Oracle: Game Over? Friday was a great day for Oracle chief Larry Ellison.  First, PeopleSoft's board ousted the CEO who had fought so hard against Oracle's hostile bid, then the feds announce they're dropping their antitrust complaint. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Oil Shoots Up as Ivan Hits U.S. Shores (Reuters) Reuters - World oil prices rose on Thursday as\Hurricane Ivan reached the U.S. Gulf Coast, having shut more\than 1 million barrels of daily output in the Gulf of Mexico\and 13 percent of refining capacity in the United States.
Ranieri honeymoon over after Valencia mauling Claudio Ranieri #39;s honeymoon at Valencia is over after they were thrashed 5-1 at home by Inter Milan in the Champions League last night.
Karzai pledges new government style In a BBC interactive forum, Afghan interim President Hamid Karzai pledges a new form of inclusive government if elected.
Fictional Billionaires (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Mickey Mouse may be 75, but age hasn't put a damper on his earning power. Last year Mickey and Disney pals Minnie, Donald, Daisy, Pluto and Goofy grossed  #36;5.8 billion from toys, movies and the like. That's 23 more than the year before, when Disney's Winnie the Pooh topped the list. Why the mouse's rebound? Credit hoopla and new products--including adult apparel--tied to Mickey's milestone birthday last year. For more details, stories and methodology, go to forbes.com/extra.
Red Sox tickets climbing again The World Series champion Boston Red Sox raised their ticket prices by an average of 7 percent for next year, the team announced Monday as it released its schedule for the 2005 season.
Consumer Prices Drop, Industry Output Up  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices dropped in July  for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in  gasoline costs reversed, the government said on Tuesday in a  report suggesting the U.S. Federal Reserve can stick to a plan  of gradual interest-rate rises.
8/27/2004 LETTER: No guilt required Once again the elitist left-wing media is attempting to make Americans feel guilty for achieving excellence. Paul Hamm followed the rules, performed a brilliant high-bar routine and won the gold medal fair and square.
Judge Ready to Start Parmalat Hearings  MILAN (Reuters) - Ten months after the Parmalat scandal  rocked the global finance industry, a judge next week begins  deciding whether to put on trial executives, bankers and  auditors of the dairy group plus three financial institutions.
Spider-Venom Profits to Be Funneled Into Conservation Pharmaceutical companies have profited from medicines derived from spiders. Now a group called Venom Venture is making sure some of that money goes toward conserving the spiders themselves.
Uribe defends security policies Colombia's President Alvaro Uribe tells the BBC his tough stance on the internal conflict is crucial and effective.
Coca-Cola Bottling Down on Weak Sales CHARLOTTE, NC - Coca-Cola Bottling Co., the country #39;s second-largest bottler of Coca-Cola drinks, said third-quarter earnings fell sharply as poor weather hurt results.
Rouse Jumps on General Growth Buyout Commercial real-estate developer Rouse (RSE ) agreed to be acquired by General Growth Properties (GGP ), the No. 2 US shopping-mall owner, in a \$12.6 billion deal, which includes the assumption of \$5.4 billion of existing debt. Terms: \$67.50 cash per ...
New ALH bid tipped AFTER almost three months of inaction, investors are betting Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality is finally in play after private equity group Newbridge trumped rival bidder Bruandwo #39;s offer.
Critical Keegan charged by the FA LONDON, England -- Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan has been charged by the Football Association with verbally abusing referee Steve Dunn after his side #39;s 4-3 defeat at Newcastle.
BearingPoint Leader Plans Shake-Up Analysts speculate that company is a possible target to be acquired and that big operational changes are in store for the 16,557-person technology consulting firm.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Ellen McCarthy&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Hurricanes Hit Office Depot Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  warned of weaker-than-expected full-year profit because of the  string of hurricanes in Florida and poor sales across North  America and Europe, sending its stock down nearly 8 percent.
Iraq War Crimes Trials to Begin Next Week Iraq will bring top figures of Saddam Hussein  #39;s ousted regime to court next week for the first time since they appeared before a judge five months
Israel kills key Hamas bomb maker in air strike Israel has killed the top bomb maker of the Hamas Islamic militant group in a Gaza Strip air strike, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to quit the occupied territory.
ATHLETICS:  #39;I TAUGHT JONES TO USE DRUG #39; MARION JONES injected herself with performance-enhancing drugs while the man at the centre of huge doping scandal watched, he claimed in an explosive TV interview last night.
Iran rejects EU nuclear proposal referral was a possibility.  quot;Iran has fully prepared itself for the possible consequences, quot; he told Reuters. The EU trio want Iran to halt uranium enrichment since it can be used to make nuclear bomb material.
From road rage to fan rage, civility takes a beating When professional athletes start slugging fans, severe penalties pretty much are a no-brainer. So few tears will be shed for the nine basketball players suspended - at the cost of millions in salary -fter
England players hit out ENGLAND #39;S players hit out at cricket #39;s authorities last night. They claimed they had been used as  quot;political pawns quot; after the Zimbabwe government produced a spectacular U-turn to ensure the controversial one-day series will go ahead.
Flush With Victory, Crusader Against Same-Sex Marriage Thinks Big Phil Burress, a self-described former pornography addict, has become a Paul Revere for the movement against same-sex marriage.
Gates in Silicon Valley Bill Gates made three public appearances during a trip to California late last week. Some of the more interesting moments, as captured in the media coverage: San Francisco Chronicle:  quot;Gates took questions
Camcorders Finally Find Hard Drives JVC is introducing two camcorders that abandon tape and discs altogether, recording onto removable hard drives.
Lebanese Cabinet Votes to Extend President #39;s Term in Office Lebanon #39;s Cabinet voted Saturday to amend the country #39;s constitution to permit President Emile Lahoud to stay in office for three more years after his present term ends.
Arafat in pain but expected to recover-Shaath Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in pain because of an intestine problem but his doctors expect him to be feeling much better in a few days, the Palestinian Authority #39;s foreign minister said today.
Renteria signing a top-shelf deal Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein acknowledged Edgar Renteria was more a luxury for the 2005 Red Sox than a necessity. But there's nothing wrong with getting the keys to a BMW, and that's what the four-time All-Star and two-time Gold Glover is in the eyes of the Red Sox.
Football legend Maradona rushed to hospital Football legend Diego Maradona, who nearly died earlier this year with heart and lung problems, was rushed to hospital on Saturday with high blood pressure and a fever, medical sources said.
Russia Warns West Against Meddling in Chechnya Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned the West not to meddle with Russia #39;s Chechnya policy on Wednesday in the wake of a bloody hostage crisis, highlighting a growing rift over the issue between former Cold War foes.
CKE #39;s Monster CKE Restaurants (NYSE: CKR) seems to think that consumers can #39;t get enough hamburger, and so far it has been right. However, its Hardee #39;s chain may be reaching the point where it #39;s saturating the market with red meat.
Microsoft called back to court over Novell settlement The judge overseeing the software giant #39;s appeal of a European Commission ruling has summoned both parties to appear at an  quot;informal hearing quot; on Thursday.
Nokia, Intel Join Forces to Develop Symbian Phones (Reuters) Reuters - Intel and Nokia will jointly\develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,\the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first\major cooperative effort in cell phones.
Dogged Crying, Lower IQ Linked Babies older than 3 months who cry uncontrollably without reason are at greater risk of suffering from lower IQ, hyperactivity and discipline problems in childhood, new research has found.
Steve Ballmer Q amp;A: Microsoft CEO on security, piracy, licensing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer hosted a Q amp;A session for a handful of UK journalists in London on Sunday and silicon.com was there.
Dollar Down Vs Yen The dollar fell to a seven-month low against the yen and was within sight of a record low versus the euro on Monday due in part to market views that Washington is happy to see it weaken.
Mich. plant workers reach tentative deal REDFORD, Mich. -- Representatives for about 1,300 United Auto Workers members at DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Detroit Diesel engine manufacturing plant reached a tentative agreement Wednesday, one day after going
Rescue chopper down off Alaska Six people are missing after a US Coast Guard helicopter crashes off Alaska during a ship rescue.
Dawn of the Terabyte DVD Using a novel new approach, scientists at the Imperial College in London are on the path to optical storage that dwarfs the capacities of current DVD #39;s and even upcoming, blue laser-based discs.
China #39;s Olympians welcomed in HK China #39;s victorious Olympic athletes have arrived in Hong Kong for a celebration of their record-breaking achievements. China picked up 32 gold medals at the Athens games, and came second only to the USA in the overall medals table.
PeopleSoft exec: We pumped up earnings The company asked customers to accelerate deals in order to bolster earnings--a ploy to exaggerate profits, Oracle lawyers say.
US Air hit by pilots #39; refusal on pay US Airways shares tumbled Tuesday over doubts that the airline can obtain \$800 million in wage and benefit cuts that it is seeking from its employees.
Pinsent will retire ... and then return: Redgrave Matthew Pinsent is to announce his retirement, according to Sir Steven Redgrave, but is likely to follow in his footsteps by changing his mind and returning to the sport.
Maverick MP Carolyn Parrish turfed from Liberal caucus (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Carolyn Parrish, the maverick MP who gained notoriety for her outspoken anti-Americanism, has been turfed from the Liberal party caucus.
Suspension-hit Pacers sign two players The Indiana Pacers signed forwards Tremaine Fowlkes and Britton Johnsen to fill gaps left by the suspensions of three players involved in a brawl at Detroit last week.
Nortel cutting 950 jobs in Canada, mostly in Ottawa, among total &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks gave details of previously announced job cuts Thursday, saying it is cutting 950 jobs in Canada - almost 10 per cent of its workforce in this country-and 1,400 in the United States among a total of 3,250 to be eliminated
Doctor: Arafat May Have Died from Poison One of the doctors that treated Yasser Arafat before his death is expressing frustration while discussing how the Palestinian leader died.
Isinbayeva cleared high five OLYMPIC pole vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva said today she cleared five metres in training earlier this year under competition conditions, nine centimetres more than the world record she set in winning gold in Athens.
Real Madrid suffer new shock at Espanyol Real Madrid suffered their first Liga defeat of the season at Espanyol last night as their season threatens to collapse. David Beckham, captain Raul and Fernando Morientes all started the game on the bench
Oil Sets Record Amid New Violence in Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record on  Thursday, spurred higher by renewed violence in Iraq and fresh  evidence that strong demand growth in China and India has not  been slowed yet by higher energy costs.
PeopleSoft board amends \$2 billion customer rebate program PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s board voted on Oct. 11 to change its controversial customer protection program to help it pass muster in a Delaware court battle with would-be acquirer, Oracle Corp.
Izenberg: Patience pays off for Hopkins There was no mystery ... no secret strategy ... no baited trap that snapped shut and changed the course of history #39;s most lucrative non-heavyweight fight.
Locusts Ravage Key Mauritanian Farming Region (Reuters) Reuters - An agricultural region\in eastern Mauritania faces the loss of its entire crop to\swarms of locusts unless action is taken immediately, a\regional government official has warned.
Oil prices reach new record highs past 52 dollars LONDON : World oil prices bolted up to new record summits beyond 52 dollars on markets nervous about tight global supplies with winter looming in the northern hemisphere.
Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Soaring crude prices plus worries  about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to  hang over the stock market this week during the depth of the  summer doldrums.
Google expands search to desktop In a move that beats competitors Yahoo, Microsoft, America Online and Ask Jeeves to the starting gate, Internet search giant Google (GOOG) on Thursday announced a program enhancement
Australian police search for teen shark attack victim (AFP) AFP - A pair of sharks killed a teenage water-skier at a popular Adelaide beach as horrified friends looked on, in Australia's second fatal shark attack in less than a week.
Vivendi Universal Raises Profit Forecast  PARIS (Reuters) - Vivendi Universal raised its 2004  earnings forecast as it reported a 19 percent increase in  underlying third-quarter profit on Wednesday, driven mainly by  strong mobile phone sales.
In Ivan's path, destruction, fear SAN JUAN Y MARTINEZ, Cuba -- Continuing its deadly rampage through the Caribbean, Hurricane Ivan swept across the famed tobacco-growing region of southwestern Cuba yesterday, packing 160-mile-per-hour winds and gigantic waves and churning a path toward the Gulf of Mexico.
Cuba, US sign major food deals HAVANA - Fidel Castro may have recently stopped circulation of US dollars in Cuba, but that isn #39;t stopping a multi-million dollar agricultural deal between the two countries.
No. 8 Kentucky Trounces Tennessee Tech (AP) AP - Kelenna Azubuike emerged from a season-long shooting slump, scoring 21 points and No. 8 Kentucky beat Tennessee Tech 92-63 on Tuesday night.
The Scam After the Storm? After remnants of Hurricane Gaston hit Richmond, Michael Wright's 1999 Honda CR-V sat under water just blocks from his office for three days before a towing company hauled it away.
Jets get armed for run New York Jets quarterback Chad Pennington will start tomorrow against the Houston Texans after sitting out the last three games with a strained right rotator cuff.
Stocks Turn Higher As Oil Hits Record High NEW YORK - Stocks enjoyed a late-day rally Wednesday, finishing higher despite a new record price for oil and gloomy third-quarter outlooks from several companies. Volume was relatively light as investors awaited the government's jobs creation report at the end of the week...
Henman Qualifies for Masters Cup as Rivals Withdraw From Paris Tim Henman of the UK qualified for the season-ending Masters Cup tennis tournament in Houston this month after Andre Agassi and David Nalbandian, his closest rivals in the rankings, withdrew from this week #39;s Paris Masters.
Angel in the outfield Jeff DaVanon became the first Angels player in 13 years to hit for the cycle and drove in four runs, leading host Anaheim to a 21-6 crushing of Kansas City last night that completed a seven-game season sweep of the Royals. Jose Molina hit his first career grand slam and Garret Anderson had five RBIs and three hits, including a ...
Ryder Cup Golf: European Team Leads The US team has regained some ground against Europe on the second day of the Ryder Cup golf competition outside Detroit, Michigan.
Swimming Canada fires coach CALGARY (CP) - Swimming Canada has fired head coach Dave Johnson, who came under fire for Canada #39;s poor performance in the Olympic pool in Athens.
US Envoy Denies Using Influence in Afghan Elections The United States ambassador to Afghanistan denies allegations he is meddling in the country #39;s first direct presidential election, to be held on October 9. US ambassador to Kabul, Zalmay Khalilzad, says that
Delete records, or profile the whole UK, says DNA print pioneer The scientist who pioneered DNA fingerprinting has warned of the increasing danger of false positives as the use of the technique becomes more widespread.
Georgia #39;s Ware raring to run Just in time for No. 3 Georgia #39;s biggest game of the season thus far comes the return of one of the Bulldogs #39; biggest offensive weapons.
Bush plucks bodyguard to safety President George W Bush may have boosted his  quot;can-do quot; image when he came to the rescue of one of his bodyguards at an international summit in Chile.
Ga. Tech #39;s defense buzzing again after wins To hear Georgia Tech defense end Eric Henderson, it was just a matter of time before the Yellow Jackets defense became as stingy as it has been the last two games.
Ky. Democrat Responds to Personal Attacks (AP) AP - The Senate race in Kentucky stayed at fever pitch on Thursday as Democratic challenger Daniel Mongiardo stressed his opposition to gay marriage while accusing Republican incumbent Jim Bunning of fueling personal attacks that seemed to suggest Mongiardo is gay.
Virgin launches new digital music service Virgin Group announced on Monday that it has launched a new online music store that will offer music downloads for the regular price of \$0.
Belarus Leader Wins Vote to Extend Mandate -Official Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko secured approval in a referendum to run for a third term in office, the top election official said Monday.
Inside the Yukos Endgame As in so many murder mysteries, the killing of the Russian oil giant Yukos - which began last fall with the arrest of its CEO, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, and could climax at any time with the firm #39;s bankruptcy or forced sale of assets -s being committed
Britain planning to ban smoking in most public places (AFP) AFP - Britain is to ban smoking in most public places, according to reports ahead of the launch of an ambitious goverment effort to legislate its way to better public health.
UPDATE 1-Gibernau cruises to victory at Czech GP Spaniard Sete Gibernau cruised to his third win of the season in the Czech MotoGP Grand Prix on Sunday, holding off a tough challenge from championship leader Valentino Rossi.
Programs: For Stealth Lovers, 'Thief' Is a Steal (Reuters) Reuters - (Gene Emery is a columnist who covers science and\technology. His Internet address is GEmery(at)Cox.net. Any\opinions in the column are his alone.)
EU to give Oracle deal go-ahead -- FT The European Commission is set to give US software giant Oracle the go-ahead to take over arch-rival PeopleSoft in a \$7.7 billion (4.
Scientists Seek Scent of Life in Methane at Mars Sniffing out any whiff of biology on Mars has become a scientific battle of the bands - spectral bands that is. The purported detection of methane in the martian atmosphere by Mars Express, the European
Putin Allays Fears of Company Tax Probes  MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin told big  businesses in Russia on Tuesday to pay their taxes but also  sought to allay fears the state may launch major new probes  after tax claims have driven YUKOS toward ruin.
The Apprentice Says  quot;You #39;re Hired quot; To Yahoo com. Yahoo is hosting the official Web site for the second and third seasons of the reality television program  quot;The Apprentice.
Czech out this Microsoft Office alternative Software602 updates its productivity package, which started as a creation of Czech hobbyists.
VIOXX HEARINGS: GET A TASTE OF YOUR OWN MEDICINE When pharmaceutical giant Merck  amp; Co. abruptly pulled its arthritis pain medication Vioxx from the marketplace on Sept. 30, more than 2 million patients were taking the drug.
Man Sentenced to Life for N.Irish Finucane Murder  BELFAST (Reuters) - A Belfast court sentenced a former  Protestant guerrilla to life imprisonment on Thursday for the  murder of Catholic lawyer Pat Finucane, one of the most  controversial killings in 30 years of sectarian conflict in  Northern Ireland.
ATA likely to accept Southwest bid Indianapolis, Dec. 16 - Southwest Airlines says ATA Airlines had accepted its bid for the bankrupt carriers #39; operations at Chicago #39;s Midway airport.
AMD shares drop on Q3 warning SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Advanced Micro Devices Inc. shares fell Tuesday after it said third-quarter sales will come in below those reported in the second quarter, citing softness in its flash memory business.
Analysts can #39;t peg Google com September 28, 2004, 9:54 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Germany probes army abuse claims Germany's defence ministry investigates claims of abuse of soldiers by superior officers at a unit in Bavaria.
Trojans Trip Up Tigers Jason Samples throws one touchdown pass and catches another and offensive lineman Junior Louissaint scores on a 63-yard fumble recovery as Troy upsets No. 19 Missouri, 24-14, Thursday night.
Putin Makes First Visit to Turkey (AP) AP - Vladimir Putin headed to Turkey on Sunday for the first official visit by a Russian president, looking to boost a growing economic relationship that is turning a longtime foe into a newfound trading partner.
Japan on alert after intrusion by suspected Chinese nuclear sub TENSION between Japan and China grew yesterday when an unidentified nuclear submarine sailed into Japanese waters. The submarine, which had been tracked since Monday and whose nationality remains unknown, was
Activision, Nielsen Study Impact of Video Game Ads Video game publisher Activision Inc. and Nielsen Entertainment, on Monday said they were collaborating to produce a measurement system for corporate advertisers to compare the reach
Insurance Claims Moving Quickly in Fla. PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - It took years for many insurance claims to be paid following Hurricane Andrew in 1992...
Yahoo Extends Microsoft Ad Deal Yahoo Inc. has agreed to extend its deal to place advertisements on Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN sites in the United States and overseas by one year through June 2006, Yahoo said on Thursday.
Pudge, Guillen injured in loss Playing the Minnesota Twins can be a painful process. On Saturday night, however, it literally was for the Tigers. Not only did they lose the game, 3-2, but two star players as well.
Buddhist Teacher Killed, Two Bombs Hit Thai South  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Gunmen on motorcycles shot and killed a  Buddhist martial arts teacher and two bombs wounded at least 10  people in Thailand's restive south on Friday in apparent  revenge for the deaths of 85 Muslims, police said.
NASA Genesis Space Sample Shipped to Calif. Lab Scientists in California on Friday began examining for the first time samples of solar wind particles collected by the spacecraft Genesis, which crashed earlier this month in the Utah desert when its parachutes failed to open on
MCI and Qwest Report Large Losses as Revenue Falls MCI and Qwest Communications International, two of the country #39;s largest phone companies, reported large losses in the third quarter, driven by a continued decline in revenue and one-time write-offs.
Family Tragedy Sends Rivera Home to Panama Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera traveled Sunday to his home in Panama, where two members of his wife's family died in an electrical accident on Saturday.
UPDATE: BHP Flags Iron Ore Increase After China Deal PERTH (Dow Jones)--Having secured Chinese iron ore sales worth US\$12.2 billion, Australia-based global miner BHP Billiton Ltd. (BHP) said Tuesday that a further aggressive
Astronauts Weigh Acceptable Risk In the quest for a cheaper route to space, astronauts competing for the X Prize are willing to take risks. But some wonder if blasting off in an untested rocket ship suspended from a giant balloon is taking things too far. By Dan Brekke.
Dollar Inches Up  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up against the euro on  Tuesday, expanding the previous day's gains as traders took  stern words from European officials against the U.S. currency's  weakness as a signal to take profits.
Family believes 'fear her murder'  The family of the aid worker, Margaret Hassan, who was kidnapped in Iraq four weeks ago, say they fear she may be dead.
Lava Breaks Surface at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - After weeks of earthquakes and steam eruptions, Mount St. Helens has a new lava dome that could even eclipse the volcano's old one.
Italy #39;s Two Hostages Dedicated to Helping Iraqis Simona Torretta and Simona Pari share the same first name, the same age, the same job and the same dedication to the Iraqi people.
Adelphia Says Rigas Family Owes  #36;3.23 Bln (Reuters) Reuters - Adelphia Communications Corp.\(ADELQ.PK) asked a U.S. bankruptcy court to order its founding\Rigas family to pay back  #36;3.23 billion it says the family owes\the company, court papers show.
Acquisition helps Smucker reports 18 percent earnings increase ORRVILLE, Ohio - JM Smucker Co. said on Friday that earnings for its second quarter were up 18 percent, helped by a 57 percent increase in sales stemming from its acquisition of International Multifoods Corp.
Munich ignores Linux patent problems THE MUNICH City Council is set to press ahead with a huge Linux project, despite fears of future patent problems. According to Reuters, the council is expected to take a calculated risk and approve the switch
Trojan Horse Targets Mobile Phones A new Trojan horse sends unauthorized spam to mobile phones via SMS. Called Troj/Delf-HA by security firm Sophos, the malware has only infected a few users of a Russian wireless network, but
Canadians can discover wartime bonds to Washington monuments (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - In 1986, Ron Parkes made a pilgrimage to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington.
Sudan peace talks resume for south sets up a panel to investigate charges of genocide in the west of Africa #39;s largest country. A Sudanese intelligence official said the government was arming tribes to counter a perceived new rebel threat in the east.
Ford to Expand Offering of Sirius Radio &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;F.N&gt; said on Monday it\would offer Sirius satellite radio in more vehicles, as Sirius\fights to catch up with industry leader XM Satellite Radio\Holdings Inc. &lt;XMSR.O&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Martha is now inmate #55170-054 NEW YORK (CNNfn) - The Bureau of Prisons has assigned Martha Stewart an inmate register number, 55170-054, and its inmate locator Web site says Stewart is  quot;in transit.
US court delivers blow to Yahoo A US appeals court has ruled that a lower tribunal had no right to decide a case brought against US internet giant Yahoo by two French groups trying to halt online sales of Nazi memorabilia.
Hamas chief Meshaal surfaces in Cairo (AFP) AFP - Khaled Meshaal, the political chief of the Palestinian Hamas movement who is at the head of Israel's most-wanted list, has surfaced in Egypt, Cairo airport sources revealed.
Iraq #39;s wave of attacks US troops and the interim Iraqi government faced an onslaught of car bombings, mortar attacks and gun battles yesterday during a series of insurgent attacks that began in the
Local Search; Still A Long Way To Go You know, it has not ceased to amuse me watching the various search engines fall over themselves and each other, in their march towards offering  #39;local search.
Net security threats growing fast More than 30,000 PCs per day are being recruited into secret networks that spread spam and viruses, a study shows. Six months ago only 2,000 Windows machines per day were being recruited into these so-called bot nets.
85 jobs to go with closure of Belfast brewery A brewery in west Belfast which produces Bass beer is to close in January with the loss of up to 85 jobs. It will bring to an end 107 years of brewing at Ulster Brewery on Glen Road.
Griest making a run for URI cross-country Derek Griest, a former track, cross-country, and soccer athlete at Bellingham High, is now a sophomore at the University of Rhode Island, where he is on the varsity cross-country team.
Iraq losing its best and brightest Targeted attacks and a sluggish economy are pushing academics, Christians, and businessmen to move abroad.
Private craft rockets past edge of space MOJAVE, CALIF: Completing the first leg of a quest for a \$10 million prize, a test pilot took a privately financed plane past the cusp of space on Wednesday morning in a flight that had equal measures of white-knuckle moments and triumph.
AOL debuts voice conferencing for consumers The AIM Voice Conferencing service incorporates AIM Instant Messenger #39;s  quot;presence quot; technology, which allows people to see if friends and family are online and available to chat.
Egypt Air and Gulf Air sign strategic alliance (AFP) AFP - Egypt Air and Gulf Air signed a strategic alliance to boost their cooperation, especially in the Middle East.
Howell Takes Lead in Hong Kong as Poulter Misses Cut  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Ryder Cup player Ian Poulter missed  the cut at the Hong Kong Open after stumbling to a  five-over-par 75 in the second round Friday.
Schumacher beaten, but clinches crown Michael Schumacher even sets records by finishing second. He was runner-up to Kimi Raikkonen in the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps yesterday, only the second time in 14 races this season Schumacher did not win. But he did score enough points to clinch an unprecedented seventh Formula One drivers' title.
BOFH: How do you deal with authority? &lt;strong&gt;Episode 27&lt;/strong&gt; The Bastard wants to know
Raiders Trade Rice to Seahawks Jerry Rice, the most productive receiver in N.F.L. history, got his wish Monday night when the Oakland Raiders traded him to the Seattle Seahawks.
Pakistan Parliament Elects Prime Minister Pakistan #39;s parliament elected former finance minister Shaukat Aziz, a close ally of President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, as prime minister on Friday after the opposition
Quarterback faceoff a bit of a throwback With precision passing, Joe Montana directed the San Francisco 49ers to four Super Bowl titles. Dan Marino used his amazing arm to amass more than 61,000 passing yards in an unforgettable career with the Miami Dolphins.
Sen. Harkin Has Cancerous Patch Removed (AP) AP - Sen. Tom Harkin said Friday that he had a cancerous patch of skin removed from his forehead.
Oracle wins battle for PeopleSoft Oracle has signed a definitive agreement to acquire PeopleSoft for \$26.50 (13.79) per share, or about \$10.3bn. The transaction has been approved by both companies #39; boards of directors and is expected to close by early January.
Burt Rutan takes a V2-powered wander down memory lane Aviation pioneer Burt Rutan has been fondly remembering his childhood hero - German rocket scientist Wernher von Braun. The X-Prize victor recently hooked up with two surviving members of von Braun #39;s V2 team
Apple In Battle For ITunes Address A 22 year-old from London, England has made life a little difficult for computer company Apple. In an effort to secure the rights to the .
Another 400 to lose jobs at Chase The \$58-million merger between JP Morgan Chase and Bank One Corp. is costing the region more jobs. Chase is eliminating 400 positions at its card services division, which is located at its
Dementieva wins title in Belgium Top-seeded Russian Elena Dementieva rallied Sunday to take a three-set win over Russian Elena Bovina in the final at the inaugural Gaz de France Stars.
Southeast Asians Finish China Trade Pact but Avoid Touchy Issues Southeast Asian ministers on Saturday completed a free trade pact with China and other accords to be adopted at a meeting of their leaders, but touchy
The murder that shattered Holland #39;s liberal dream The future, Samir believes, is grim.  #39;We are hated now, #39; the teenager said, leaning over the handlebars of his bicycle.  #39;Whatever we do will be wrong, everything we say will be wrong, everywhere we go will be wrong.
FLYi Soars After Amending Airbus Deal Shares of FLYi Inc. soared in Monday trading after the parent of low-cost Independence Air said it reworked an agreement with Airbus SAS to delay delivery of several aircraft in an effort to preserve its cash liquidity.
London court backs probe into Iraqi civilian death A London court on Tuesday backed anindependent inquiry into an Iraqi civilian allegedly killed by British soldiers but ruled out judicial reviews into five other civilian deaths in southern Iraq.
Report: IT Salaries Show Upward Trend, Outsourcing Overblown The lid on IT salaries is beginning to lift, and IT specialists should see gains of as much as 10 to 15 percent over the next three years, according to a new IT staff salaries study by the META Group.
Sony Ericsson sees profits triple Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson reports a tripling of its third quarter profit, driven by sales of new camera phones.
Big Blue Turns Green with Grid Computing Deal IBM (Quote, Chart) revealed a number of supercomputing projects from its Deep Computing unit, which should whet the appetites of those following the 12th Global Grid Forum (GGF) in Brussels, Belgium, next week.
Copyright Battle Erups over Open-Source  #39;Mambo #39; Code Brian Connolly, president of Furthermore Inc., an online publishing venture and a division of the Literati Group, has issued a letter to the open-source community that contends that his company owns the code behind Mambo Open Source.
Car bombs kill 11 in Baghdad Two car bombs in Baghdad killed at least 11 people yesterday, including one American soldier, and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visited
FCC Says A La Carte TV Would Cost More Most consumers would end up paying more for cable and satellite television if they were allowed to pick only the channels they wanted to watch instead of being forced to buy large packages
ABN Amro #39;s Q3 profits up 26 Dutch bank ABN Amro today reported a 26 rise in net profit for the third quarter to 1.05 billion, mainly due to the exceptional gain from the sale of Bank of Asia but the operational results dropped slightly.
2 dead, 18 injured as powerful typhoon lashes southern Japan (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TOKYO (AP) - A powerful typhoon lashed southern Japan on Monday, toppling trees and telephone poles with strong winds and torrential rains. Two elderly men died after being knocked down by strong winds, while 18 people were injured and one was missing.
Agent: Nothing to Alonzo #39;s return His agent says there #39;s nothing to reports that Alonzo Mourning plans another comeback, the New Jersey Nets say they wouldn #39;t be surprised if he tried and the man himself isn #39;t saying anything.
Transocean finds missing oil rig SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Transocean, after a frantic search for a giant oil rig blown off location by Hurricane Ivan, said late Thursday it found the structure drifting along 70 miles from the well it had been drilling, upright and apparently undamaged.
Nokia Goes Hollywood (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - To coin a phrase: It was the best of product placements. It was the worst of product placements. On Sept. 10, Finnish cell-phone handset maker Nokia (NYSE: NOK - News) will become a major Hollywood action movie star opposite Kim Basinger. Its new Nokia 6600 videophone will get the title role in the film "Cellular," distributed by Time Warner's (NYSE: TWX - News) New Line Cinema, as the heroic phone used by a police officer to track down a kidnapped Ms. Basinger.
Serie A Saturday Wrap: Roma Revival In Siena Roma, enduring a torrid season, had something to smile about on Saturday night after crushing Siena 4-0 after a sustained second-half onslaught at the Stadio Artemio Franchi.
Harvard Scientists Want to Clone Human Embryos CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) -- Harvard University scientists have asked the university's ethical review board for permission to produce cloned human embryos for disease research, potentially becoming the first researchers in the nation to wade into a divisive area of study that has become a presidential campaign issue...
Jaguars lose other defensive end for season JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- The Jacksonville Jaguars now have lost both starting defensive ends for the season. The Jaguars placed Lionel Barnes on injured reserve Friday with a shoulder injury.
Hyderabad youth killed in police shootout A youth was killed in a shootout outside the DGP #39;s office in Hyderabad on Sunday evening. The incident took place after a group of nearly 25 persons who had gathered outside the office tried to block the way
55 killed in China plane crash: World News: Hohhot (China), Nov 21 : A total of 55 people, including two men on the ground, were killed when a commuter plane crashed into a frozen lake in China soon after take-off in Inner Mongolia Sunday, Xinhua reports.
Raid on Mosque Sparks Battles in Baghdad (AP) AP - A U.S.-Iraqi raid on the Abu Hanifa mosque  #151; one of the most revered sites for Sunni Muslims  #151; spawned a weekend of street battles, assassinations and a rash of bombings that changed Baghdad. The capital, for months a city of unrelenting but sporadic violence, has taken on the look of a battlefield.
PeopleSoft Board Rejects Oracle Bid  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker  PeopleSoft Inc. on Saturday said its board again rejected  Oracle Corp.'s \$9.2 billion tender offer, remaining defiant a  day after most of its shares were tendered to Oracle.
Zafi worm purports to be Christmas greeting A new variant of the so-called Zafi worm surfaced Tuesday, disguised to appear as a Christmas greeting. Multiple antivirus researchers reported the emergence of the latest iteration of Zafi, classified as
701, But No Win Barry Bonds adds another home run to his total a day after hitting No. 700, but San Diego's Jay Payton hit a three-run shot in the seventh to lead the Padres past the Giants, 5-1.
Double clutch Forget the Yankees, Angels, A #39;s, Twins, and anyone else you might think stands in the way. Last night was all about the Red Sox regaining their footing, finding
Jimmy Spencer, son arrested Nextel Cup Series driver Jimmy Spencer and his son were arrested Sunday night at he driver #39;s home in Cornelius, NC, according to a report in the Charlotte Observer.
HBOS complains about Santander #39;s takeover bid for Abbey National LONDON, August 23 (New Ratings) - HBOS Plc (HB7.ETR) is reportedly planning on complaining to the European Commission about the continuing cross-shareholdings between Banco Santander Central Hispano (BSCH) and Royal Bank of Scotland (RBOS), despite the
Panasonic DVD Recorder Gets Connected Device offers remote programming, features a whopping 400GB of storage.
China confirms bird flu found in pigs last year (AFP) AFP - China's Ministry of Agriculture confirmed that a deadly strain of bird flu was found in pigs last year, the Xinhua news agency reported.
Photo gallery: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
APEC Nations Work on Stronger Security Resolutions &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Fiona Ortiz&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Pacific Rim trading nationsagreed they should work harder to control the production andtrade of shoulder-launched missiles to keep them out of thewrong hands, foreign and trade ministers meeting in Chile saidin a resolution on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Henry on target for French THIERRY HENRY finally added to his recent meagre goal tally for France in this World Cup qualifier today. Henry scored in the closing stages after Sylvain Wiltord #39;s opener, for only his third international
Glitches hit Dell gear, Microsoft software Dell says that millions of notebook power adapters could put users at risk. Also: Office flaw could allow attacks.
A Long Goodbye at Equifax Give them credit, they #39;re starting the CEO search with plenty of lead time. Early in the day on Aug. 18, Thomas F. Chapman, chairman and CEO of Equifax, stated his intention to retire sometime in late 2005, according to a company statement. While such an ...
In Sudan, monitors find task daunting  KABKABIYAH, Sudan -- Hidden among scrub brush not far from this remote, sandy outpost, Ibrahim Ali Hassan, a rebel fighter in Sudan's western Darfur region, spots the slow-moving caravan of 18 camels and their riders. They look like specks on the horizon.
Scientists discover planets in our galactic back yard Until recently, they were able only to detect the presence of planets equivalent in size to our own neighboring gas giant Jupiter.
Settlement May Be Near In Code-Theft Dispute (TechWeb) TechWeb - A mediator in the Mambo-Furthermore open-source fracas said Tuesay he is  quot;cautiously optimistic quot; that the two sides can reach a settlement.
Fujifilm FinePix F450 Attracts Praise from Outside Camera Circle The Fujifilm FinePix F450 attracted the attention of some popular magazines this month. Fortune named the digital camera one of the Top 25 Best Products of the Year
Cisco, VoIP Star? Today, there was another good omen that Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) is fast gaining traction amongst large companies. Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) said it will switch to Internet telephones, using Cisco #39;s (Nasdaq: CSCO) equipment.
Heinz Quarterly Profit Meets Forecasts (Reuters) Reuters - Ketchup maker H.J. Heinz Co. (HNZ.N) on\Tuesday reported a 9 percent drop in quarterly profit after\spinning off some brands, but demand for new items like Ore-Ida\Extra Crispy fries helped to boost sales.
Try Another Day Moments after the Twins lost 8-4 to the Yankees on Friday, to fall behind 2-1 in the best of five American League Division Series, manager Ron Gardenhire walked through a silent clubhouse.
Jeremy Warner #39;s Outlook: Is anyone safe as Spitzer takes aim at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Is no one safe from Eliot Spitzer #39;s accusing finger? After the investment banking, fund management and pharmaceuticals industries comes the insurance sector, which in a suit filed by the New York attorney
Spanish Police Make 10 Terror Arrests (AP) AP - Police staging pre-dawn raids in Barcelona Wednesday arrested 10 people who may have supported Islamic militants in North Africa or the Middle East, officials said.
Cahoot hit by web security scare A security loophole at internet bank Cahoot allowed customers to view other people's accounts.
Remains Found in Search for Hacking Body SALT LAKE CITY - Police found what appeared to be human remains Friday at a landfill where investigators have been searching for the body of Lori Hacking, the Utah woman allegedly murdered by her husband.   "Odds are, if it's human, it's Lori," said Detective Phil Eslinger...
Blast at Market in Southern Philippines Kills 13  MANILA (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked the southern  Philippine city of General Santos on Sunday, killing 13 people  and injuring at least 60 at a public market, police and  witnesses said.
Singapore #39;s Unemployment Rate Falls in Q3 Singapore #39;s unemployment rate fell in the third quarter of 2004 as job creation increased in tandem with the city-state #39;s strong economic growth, the government said Monday.
#39;The Scream #39; stolen from museum Armed men stormed into an art museum Sunday, threatened staff at gunpoint and stole Edvard Munch #39;s famous paintings  quot;The Scream quot; and  quot;Madonna quot; before the eyes of stunned museum-goers.
US Air Shares Slide, Pilots Reject Offer  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of US Airways Group Inc. slipped  as much as 23 percent in early trading on Tuesday after its  pilots union rejected the company's latest contract proposal, a  blow to its attempt to avoid a second trip through bankruptcy.
Astronaut Candidates Taste Zero G (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA's \newest nbsp;astronaut candidates nbsp;experienced their first taste of zero gravity and are\now preparing nbsp;to make their first jet flights without the company of instructors.
OFT  #39;considering #39; iTunes  #39;rip-off #39; claims UK regulator the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) has not initiated an investigation into Apple #39;s iTunes UK pricing. The Consumer #39;s Association (CA) yesterday filed a complaint with the OFT, alleging that Apple is  quot;ripping-off quot; UK music buyers.
Iraqi Interim Government Declares Martial Law Iraq #39;s interim government declared a state of emergency for 60 days on Sunday to quell violence gripping the country ahead of January elections.
Two American GIs Die in Afghanistan Blast KABUL, Afghanistan - A bomb killed two American soldiers and wounded three others in southern Afghanistan, the U.S. military said Saturday, and an attack in an eastern province killed three children and two others on the first day of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan...
Splat go the Eagles To the delight of the fans in a city that made him famous, Franco Harris was wearing black and gold and back on the football field yesterday.
McNair Our of Hospital Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair is released from the hospital Tuesday morning after a two-night stay with a bruised sternum.
PepsiCo Profit Up, Cuts Jobs, Shares Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 soft drink company, on Thursday said quarterly profit rose  due to tax benefits and strong earnings at its key Frito-Lay  snack and North American beverage units.
Longhorn Comes Up Short Microsoft finally gives us a date for the release of its Longhorn operating system, but the failure to deliver on a highly touted feature raises questions about the company's future. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Heroin production surges in Afghanistan  BRUSSELS -- Heroin production is booming in Afghanistan, undermining democracy and putting money in the coffers of terrorists, according to a UN report yesterday that called on US and NATO-led forces to get more involved in fighting traffickers.
Shrugging Off Mutiny, Sharon Rejects Gaza Referendum  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected  calls from within his mutinous cabinet Wednesday for a  referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support  to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.
Vodafone and Nokia team up on software Mobile phone giants Vodafone and Nokia have teamed up to simplify software for cell phones written with the Java computer language that promises to bring cheaper, smarter handsets.
Tokyo shares down ahead of US elections Share prices closed lower in Tokyo this morning, ahead of the outcome of tomorrow #39;s US presidential election. New terrorist threats also prompted caution, following the airing on Friday of a videotaped message
Space Travel for the Rich Even before Burt Rutans SpaceShipOne soared on her second flight in six days to win the Ansari X Prize, the flamboyant British entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson, owner of Virgin Atlantic Airline, decided that he had seen an opportunity to make even more
I Steal Your Heritage Paperwork bores me. Usually I don't fill it out. But in jail, you don't have a choice.
US stockmarket closes on a high US blue-chip stocks ended barely higher on Friday as a spike in oil prices to near record levels pared earlier gains and renewed concerns about the effect of high energy prices on consumer spending and corporate profits.
#39;MASSES OF INTEREST #39; IN BUYING JAGUAR TEAM Jaguar boss Tony Purnell has revealed there is  quot;masses of interest quot; in buying the troubled Formula One team. Purnell, who runs Jaguar a part of his role as chief of Ford #39;s premier performance division, believes
Breakthrough in Embassy Bombing-Australia Investigators have found the chassis number of the van used in the Jakarta embassy attack, the same breakthrough that led to the identification of the Bali bombers, a top Australian policeman said Monday.
Ex-Disney director: Eisner had no choice Former Walt Disney director Robert AM Stern said the company made a  quot;wise investment quot; when it fired Michael Ovitz in 1996 and paid his \$140 million severance to end his 15-month tenure.
Sun Micro Agrees to Buy Closely Held SevenSpace Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O has agreed to acquire closely held SevenSpace Inc., adding to Sun #39;s managed services offerings, the network computer maker said on Monday.
Russians Coming In Formula 1 It doesn #39;t plan an entry until next year #39;s Australian Grand Prix, but the Canadian-based Midland Group chaired by expatriate Russian (and Canadian citizen) Alexander Shnaider has announced the formation of a new GP team to be called Midland F1.
Clijsters #39; latest injury could be serious Brussels, Belgium (Sports Network) - Former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters #39; latest wrist injury will likely end her season, but it #39;s not expected to require surgery.
Top-Ranked Trojans Whip Colorado State  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - LenDale White carried the  ball 14 times for 123 yards and scored three touchdowns to lead  top-ranked Southern California to a dominating 49-0 shutout of  Colorado State at the Coliseum.
Imperial Oil moving HQ to Calgary TORONTO and CALGARY - Imperial Oil Ltd. will pull up its Toronto roots and move its head office to Calgary within the year, ending a long-term commitment to run its oil and gas operations out of Eastern Canada.
Bomb in Southern Thailand Kills One Man, Injures 7 (Update1) A Buddhist man was killed and seven people were injured today in a bomb blast in the southern Thai province of Yala, where a Muslim insurgency has flared up in recent weeks, a police official said.
Hollinger Inc to file accounts soon FALLEN Press baron Lord Black #39;s Canadian holding company Hollinger Inc will present its long-awaited 2003 accounts in the next few weeks, followed by interim statements for the first three quarters of 2004.
OSI stock falters on Tarceva sales concerns Shares of OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. fell sharply Friday on concerns about the newly approved drug #39;s ability to meet sales targets.
Blast at Russian mine kills 13 in industry's latest disaster (AFP) AFP - A blast at a Siberian mine killed 13 men in the latest disaster to strike Russia's accident-prone industry that has been chronically short of funds following the Soviet collapse.
UK charges 8 in terror plot linked to US alert LONDON: Britain has charged eight terrorism suspects and said one had plans which could be used in terror attacks on US financial targets in New York, New Jersey and Washington.
U.N. Approves Global Gene-Test Standard (AP) AP - The World Health Organization said Wednesday it approved the first international standard for a human genetic test to help laboratories improve the accuracy and quality of their results.
Boston Globe:  #39;Forget Microsoft and buy an Apple iPod - it works #39;  quot;As more and more retailers try to cash in on the online music scene, things are becoming increasingly befuddling for consumers -- especially for consumers who stray from the Apple iPod fold.
NCAA Game Summary - Louisville at Miami-Florida Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Frank Gore scored from one yard out in the final minute to lift the third-ranked Miami Hurricanes to a 41-38 victory over No.
Is Vieri #39;s Inter career over? The chemistry between Adriano and Obafemi Martins raises questions further marks about Christian Vieri #39;s future at Inter Milan.
Update 1: VNU Sells Directories Unit for \$2.6B The Dutch publisher VNU, which owns the Nielsen TV ratings service, said Monday it signed a deal to sell its World Directories unit for \$2.
Tennis: Sharapova wins finale Maria Sharapova beats Serena Williams 4-6 6-2 6-4 in the Tour Championships final.
MyDoom seeks to destroy antivirus firms In worm's latest version, authors ridicule rival worm Netsky and promise to attack Symantec, McAfee and others.
Soccer: Frei winner plunges Marseille into more gloom PARIS : Swiss striker Alexander Frei returned to haunt Marseille on when he scored the winner in Rennes #39; 1-0 win which sent the French giants tumbling into midtable and their fans calling for the resignation of president Christophe Bouchet.
The Post-Merger Pervasive (TechWeb) TechWeb - With more native drivers than ever, Pervasive Software's data integration suite packs a punch.
Fifteen problems Robinson has to tackle to make England great &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A year after their finest triumph, the world champions #39; new coach has plenty to sort out to restore their dominance. By Chris Hewett.
Women 'better at holding drink' Women are better at  maintaining their self-control when they drink, researchers find.
Microsoft Previews Developer Tools Microsoft has previewed  quot;Whitehorse, quot; a set of visual design tools intended to support the design and validation of Web services-based applications.
No Game 5 start for Schilling That could be all, folks. Barring a last-minute breakthrough, Curt Schilling may have thrown his last pitch in trying to help the Red Sox end their 86-year championship famine.
Search Engine Optimization For Blogs Search Engine Optimization For Blogs  \\Blogging software is really a simple Content Management System (CMS) that easily adds new pages and integrates them into your site's navigational structure and linkage. Blogs and blog posts are naturally search engine friendly because they are text-rich, link-rich, frequently-updated webpages that use stylesheets ...
Spruced up 64-bit Windows beta ready Microsoft on Wednesday made available the latest builds of its 64-bit version of Windows XP Professional and Windows Server 2003 Enterprise, that each features a handful of new improvements including the Luna user interface, Windows Messenger, Windows ...
Crosby, Bay Win Rookie of the Year Awards Oakland Athletics #39; Bobby Crosby raises a fist and circles the bases after hitting a game-winning home run off Seattle Mariners #39; pitcher Scott Atchison in the ninth inning of their game in Oakland, Calif.
Myskina defends title in Moscow Moscow, Russia (Sports Network) - Anastasia Myskina of Russia successfully defended her title in Moscow with a straight-set win over countrywoman Elena Dementieva at the final of the \$1.
AP: Fund-Raisers Trade With Iran, Iraq (AP) AP - More than two dozen top fund-raisers for President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are current or former senior managers of companies punished for trading with Iran or Saddam Hussein's Iraq  #151; including the chairman of Bush's Homeland Security Advisory Committee and Kerry's fund-raising chairman.
Exhausted Agassi Withdraws from Long Island Tournament  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Andre Agassi has withdrawn  from the TD Waterhouse Cup, starting on Monday on Long Island,  citing fatigue.
Bryant is sorry; Shaq justhasnothingtosay With their Christmas Day showdown nine days away, Lakers guard Kobe Bryant and Heat center Shaquille O #39;Neal shared thoughts Wednesday on their upcoming reunion game at Staples Center.
Stocks Set to Open Lower on Quiet Earnings US stock futures were moving into negative territory early Monday at the start of a quiet earnings and a noisy political week. Dow Jones futures were down 28 points recently, while Nasdaq futures declined 8 points and S amp;P futures were down 3.4 points.
IBM Rolling Out Biggest WebSphere Update in 2 Years IBM late on Tuesday announced the biggest update of its popular WebSphere business software in two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and fixing problems.
Sharon says Tel Aviv blast proves no change in Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM, Nov 1 (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Monday #39;s suicide bombing in Tel Aviv which killed three Israelis proved there had been no change in the Palestinian leadership despite the absence of its ailing leader Yasser Arafat, army
Keeping Our Priorities Straight in Afghanistan, by Ted Galen &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The war on drugs is interfering with the US effort to destroy Al Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan. US officials increasingly want to eradicate drugs as well as nurture Afghanistan #39;s
Back to reality There was a little less than five minutes left when receiver Gerald Smith threw his helmet down in frustration on the Penn State sideline.
Scoring questioned in men #39;s all-around gymnastics event The International Gymnastics Federation opened an investigation Friday morning into the scoring of the men #39;s all-around competition.
Pitcairn Islander pleads guilty to sex crime charges SYDNEY - One of seven men facing trial for sex crimes against underage girls on the remote British territory of Pitcairn in the South Pacific has pleaded guilty to three charges of sexual assault, the Australian newspaper reported Tuesday.
Workers #39; safety queried in Dubai The deaths of five labourers at the construction site of the new airport terminal in Dubai will renew questions about conditions in which migrant workers toil in the United Arab Emirates.
The powder keg wouldn #39;t have exploded if Artest hadn #39;t lit the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Make no mistake about it. Ron Artest of the Indiana Pacers was to blame for the ugly fans-players brawl at The Palace. That #39;s not to give the dumb fan who threw a cup of beer
Werder Bremen #39;s Ismael claims unwanted record MILAN September 15 (SW) - Werder Bremens Valerian Ismael earned himself an unenviable place in Champions League record books after only five minutes of his teams 2-0 defeat at Inter when the French defender became the recipient of the fastest
Photo: Shadowcrew site in federal custody The Web site of identity-fraud suspects operating as the Shadowcrew has been replaced by information about alleged members' arrests.
Cardinals power way to 2-0 lead in NLCS The Houston Astros had one chance to get out of St. Louis with a victory. That was a rainout. A washout of Game 2 last night would have allowed the Astros to skip sacrificial
Braves Hum Along Braves General Manager John Schuerholz shuffled his deck more than usual this past offseason so doubts were high. Such a challenge makes this season all the sweeter.
IBM Taps into China SMBs Officials announced the launch of an IBM Innovation Center in Beijing Thursday to find better ways to get software from ISVs (define) around the world into the computers of small- to medium-sized businesses (SMBs) in China.
NHL season on ice? The National Hockey League Players #39; Association closed ranks yesterday, but in doing so brought the season closer to cancellation.
Notre Dame does deserve credit for ending hypocrisy In the wake of the uproar over the news that Notre Dame had fired football coach Tyrone Willingham, this headline appeared on the Internet.
Killing of Hostage Confounds Self-Image of Italians   ROME, Aug. 27 -- By all accounts here, Enzo Baldoni, the latest victim in Iraq of a videotaped killing at unknown hands, was a kind, light-hearted man.
Novell lays out infrastructure, identity wares This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Novell on Monday used its annual
Fa-la-la: Decking your PC with an Xmas virus HELSINKI: Internet security experts warned last Tuesday of a new virulent e-mail worm particularly successful in infecting computers as it is disguised as a multilingual electronic Christmas card.
Search for corpses in ghost town Tamil Tigers say 30,000 people are dead or missing in the north and east of Sri Lanka.
United Steelworkers OK BF Goodrich pact About 3,400 union workers at three BF Goodrich Tire Manuafacturing plants in Indiana and Alabama have approved a new contract after working nearly 15 months without one.
Tennis: Sharapova Advances to China Open Semifinals Defending Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova of Russia has advanced to the semifinals of the China Open women #39;s tennis tournament in Beijing.
More Is Not Necessarily Better magine if one company controlled the card catalog of every library in the world. The influence it would have over what people see, read and discuss would be enormous.
Weather prompts change for Cal By STAFF WRITER.  quot;We #39;ve had concerned parents calling all day long, quot; said Tedford.  quot;Not to mention the aftermath and destruction of something going through (Mississippi).
Lockout threat looms over World Cup final As hard as the numerous NHL players gathered here tried to maintain focus on tonight #39;s World Cup of Hockey final, it was impossible to ignore the larger issue rumbling through their midst.
Investigation into Pacers-Pistons brawl could take time AUBURN HILLS, Mich. Police have identified most of the people in video footage from last night #39;s brawl between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons at The Palace at Auburn Hills.
Sprint To Cut 700 Jobs, Devalue Assets Sprint plans to accelerate efforts to get business customers to move to wireless and Internet services.  quot;This strategy plays to our strengths by advancing our broad portfolio of wireline and
Florida Supreme Court puts Nader on state ballot (AFP) AFP - The Florida Supreme Court has ruled Ralph Nader can appear on state ballots as a presidential candidate, increasing the chance the maverick contender will again influence the outcome of the presidential election.
Real Madrid Shocked By Espanyol Its official; Real Madrid is in a crisis after slumping to a 1-0 defeat away to Espanyol. The loss is Madrids second of the week as they were humiliated on Wednesday by Bayer Leverkusen in Champions League play.
Bush, backed by Asia-Pacific allies, warns North Korea, Iran over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTIAGO : US President George W. Bush, bagging support from Asia-Pacific allies at an annual summit in Chile, bluntly warned North Korea and Iran to scrap any nuclear weapon plans.
The next president could tip high court (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - This election's potential impact on the Supreme Court has seemed to be an afterthought, but the stakes for the court and the law are even higher now than they were in 2000. The prospect of a change on the court is greater and the replacement of one justice could affect the law on hot issues.
Online Sales Jump in November Online consumers in the United States spent \$8.8 billion, excluding travel purchases, in November, a 19 percent jump over the \$7.4 billion spent online a year earlier, a report released Monday said.
UK Amazon Boss Dreams of a Digital Christmas (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com's UK chief hopes sales of\digital music players and DVDs will propel the online retailer\to its best quarter ever as footsore shoppers abandon the high\street for their Internet terminals.
Shiver Me Timbers! Brazil Full of PC Pirates --Study (Reuters) Reuters - Brazil should end the year at\the top of the list of countries with the highest rate of\pirated personal computers in its market, outranking China for\the first time, according to a study released on Thursday.
Model train maker Lionel files for bankruptcy protection Lionel LLC, a maker of model trains for more than 100 years, has filed for bankruptcy protection after a US jury found the company used designs for toy locomotives stolen from a rival.
Victims of Other Sudan Wars Neglected (AP) AP - While the world focuses on the crisis in Darfur, three times as many people have been suffering for many more years in two other conflicts involving the Sudanese government.
Bryant Scores 25 in Lakers' Win Over Clips (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant scored 25 points and the Los Angeles Lakers got major contributions from their ever-improving reserves Friday night, beating the Clippers 113-102 in a preseason game. Corey Maggette scored 23 points for the Clippers, whose subs were outscored 63-41 by their counterparts.
Lawmakers Introduce Sept. 11 Legislation (AP) AP - Sept. 11 commission members thought it would be too difficult to break up the CIA and rearrange the Pentagon's spy agencies under a single national intelligence director, as is being proposed in the Senate, the commission's vice chairman says.
Spawning of Interloper Fish in Potomac Worries Experts With the evidence of the northern snakehead fish's spawning, hope is fading along the Potomac River that the aggressive, toothy Asian invader can be stopped.
Blunkett is expected to resign Home Secretary David Blunkett is expected to quit on Wednesday, BBC political editor Andrew Marr has said. The news comes amid claims he misused his office to fast-track a visa for his former lover #39;s nanny.
Who Will Be The First Virgin Bride on Virgin Galactic #39;s First &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Today, adventurous British entrepreneur Richard Branson formally announced that his Virgin transport, entertainment and communications company plans to launch commercial sub-orbital space flights by 2007.
Is It Really You? A Scanner Delves Beneath Fingerprints For all their electronic sophistication, fingerprint scanners have a major shortcoming. So some new models are going beyond skin deep.
Loeb won #39;t take it easy despite lead WORLD champion Sebastien Loeb will not be taking it easy on the Rally Catalunya after taking the lead on the first day of the event.
Mayfield wins pole in Dover Jeremy Mayfield won the pole in qualifying Friday at Dover International Speedway, putting behind him a wreck that seriously damaged his championship hopes in the Nextel Cup series.
Boston Scientific to Offer Senior Notes Medical device maker Boston Scientific Corp. on Monday said it is launching a public offering of two series of its senior notes to repay commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes.
The City That Cut the Cord Sleepy Spokane, Wash., has a secret: it's the wireless hot spot of the future
Tensions grip Haitian capital as Aristide loyalists call third day &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Streets were blocked with overturned cars and debris in the Haitian capital Saturday while followers of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide called for a third day of demonstrations to demand his return.
Delta Air #39;s Revival Plan Preaches Austerity Delta Air Lines (DAL:NYSE - commentary - research) will cut employees and benefits but give a bigger-than-expected role to Song, its low-cost unit, in a widely anticipated but still unannounced overhaul, TheStreet.com has learned.
Notre Dame sets sights on Weis New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis may have a golden opportunity to head to the Golden Dome. Seeking a successor to Tyrone Willingham
Is Microsoft #39;s media center ready for prime time? The traveling  #39; #39;Windows on Wheels quot; exhibition, parked at dusk outside the Micro Center electronics palace on Memorial Drive, is jam-packed with
Should Your Next PC Be a Workstation? Despite sub-\$1000 prices, the answer still depends on what apps you run.
Schwab Paying \$350,000 Fine in Settlement Brokerage Charles Schwab  amp; Co. has agreed to pay a \$350,000 civil fine to settle federal regulators #39; allegations that it illegally allowed certain customers to change mutual fund trade orders after the market #39;s close.
*  #39;Super aspirin #39; is taken off market over heart fears Shares in Merck, the US pharmaceuticals giant, plunged by almost 27 per cent yesterday after the company withdrew Vioxx, its \$2.5bn (1.
Mauresmo through to final as Sharapova withdraws NEW YORK: Title holder and top seed Amelie Mauresmo received an easy passage into the final of the Advanta Championships in Philadelphia on Saturday when Maria Sharapova was forced out of the event with a sore shoulder.
US and EU put air dispute on hold Washington and Brussels say they will not escalate a dispute over subsidies to Boeing and Airbus.
Stern Stance for Europe #39;s New Antitrust Chief Talking tough in her first public appearance since becoming Europe #39;s competition commissioner, Neelie Kroes blocked a merger in Portugal #39;s energy industry on Thursday and
Dollar Keeps Gains, Market Wary  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar kept its gains versus other  major currencies early on Monday after U.S. economic data eased  concerns that surging oil prices may have hurt growth, keeping  expectations alive for more rises in interest rates.
Nokia earmarks millions to build new plant in India Nokia, the world's largest handset maker, is investing up to \$150 million over the next four years to establish a manufacturing facility in India, it announced Wednesday.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
ONeill not giving up hope Celtic manager Martin ONeill has faith in his side to come away from the Ukraine with all three points after tonights Champions League match against Shakhtar Donetsk.
Oil Lifted 4 Percent by Ivan Supply Crimp  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices surged nearly 4  percent on Friday on worries the U.S. hurricane season would  continue to hamper energy production and imports in the Gulf of  Mexico, delaying vital stock-building ahead of winter.
IBMs Atlantic tools platform set to sail IBM Rational on Wednesday plans to flesh out complete plans for the upcoming IBM Software Development Platform, code-named Atlantic.
Youkilis, McCarty go on DL A season of extraordinary medical adversity posed yet another series of challenges yesterday for the Red Sox as Kevin Youkilis and David McCarty joined the likes of Trot Nixon , Mark Bellhorn , Pokey Reese , and Ellis Burks on the disabled list.
Semel: Search For New Yahoo! Features Yields Adobe Deal Seek and ye shall find: Yahoo! (nasdaq: YHOO - news - people ) and Adobe Systems (nasdaq: ADBE - news - people ) have struck a deal to put Web search capabilities into Adobe #39;s Acrobat Reader software.
Russian shot putter stripped of gold after doping test CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Another Olympic medallist has been stripped of a medal after failing a doping test. Russia #39;s Irina Korzhanenko will lose her shot put gold medal after testing positive for the steroid stanozolol
We have no fear of Barcelona, Mourinho insists JOS MOURINHO, the Chelsea manager, is full of bravado but when, on Thursday night, he stated that he wanted to meet Barcelona in the last 16 of the European Cup, he was not bluffing.
Bomb Kills 16 During Indian Celebration A powerful bomb killed at least 16 people, many of them schoolchildren, and wounded about 40 others as they assembled for an Independence Day parade Sunday in the northeastern state of Assam, authorities said.
Sun King is out with a begging bowl now London, September 5: Heaping ridicule on the Indian team, thrashed by a resurgent home side in the first two Natwest Challenge matches, former England captain Mike Atherton has said Sun King Sourav Ganguly has now been reduced to pauper status.
Pinochet indicted, arrested for murder, kidnapping SANTIAGO (AFP) - Former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet, 89, was indicted and placed under house arrest and may, for the first time, face trial for murders and kidnappings of opponents to his 17-year rule.
Everett picks up on Peabody miscues Ten turnovers later, No. 2 Everett was awarded no style points yesterday but did manage to pick up a key Greater Boston League victory, defeating No. 11 Peabody, 31-6. In a game that included nine fumbles and an interception, the Crimson Tide did a better job of capitalizing on Peabody's five turnovers than Peabody did on Everett's five ...
Bush Inauguration to Tout Freedom, Service (AP) AP - With the theme "Celebrating Freedom, Honoring Service," President Bush's second inauguration will heavily emphasize a nation at war, but festivities will rival those held during peacetime.
Team of the Week As the Premiership takes another break to accommodate a series of World Cup qualifiers, a number of what could be termed England fringe players gave Sven Goran Eriksson some food for thought this weekend.
Suzuki sets record but would rather have playoff spot Anaheim #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - Ichiro Suzuki has the single-season hits record, but he #39;d much rather have the playoff spot Bartolo Colon and the Anaheim Angels are one game closer to securing.
Carl Lewis Says Olympic Sprints Weren #39;t Dimmed By Drug Scandals Carl Lewis, who won the Olympic 100 meters in 1988 after Ben Johnson was thrown out for using steroids, said Justin Gatlin and Yuliya Nesterenko #39;s sprint victories weren #39;t dimmed by doping scandals that dwindled the fields.
Coke CEO vows to rebuild management ranks ATLANTA: Coca-Cola #39;s new chairman and chief executive, Neville Isdell, says bolstering the soft drink group #39;s depleted management ranks will be a key priority as he embarks on a make-over of the slumping company.
Spain on top in Seville Rafael Nadal has repaid the faith shown in him by defeating Andy Roddick in four sets to hand Spain a 2-0 lead after the first day of the Davis Cup final in Seville.
Afghan leader vows to release 400 Pakistani prisoners ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai promised yesterday to repatriate 400 Pakistani prisoners who fought with the former ruling Taliban regime and have been held in Afghan jails since 2001, a Pakistani official said.
Brees, big-play Chargers too much for Chiefs Strip away the great plays and the wild action and San Diego #39;s 34-31 victory over Kansas City is reduced to a simple fact: big plays.
Devers and Moore Called Up by USA Gail Devers and LaShaunte #39;a Moore will replace Torri Edwards, the USA #39;s suspended world champion, in the Olympic 100 and 200 metres races in Athens.
Next President Could Get to Reshape High Court (Reuters) Reuters - The winner of the presidential\election could reshape the Supreme Court and could have a\long-lasting impact on important issues such as abortion, gay\marriages and church-state separation.
India, Pak officials discuss nuclear CBMs India and Pakistan on Tuesday held talks on nuclear confidence building measures aimed at reducing the risk of accidental war and promoting strategic stability.
Comcast Says in Talks to Buy Adelphia  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Comcast Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  it is in talks with Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; to explore a  possible deal to acquire bankrupt cable company Adelphia  Communications Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADELQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADELQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;
Braves look to tie up series Mike Hampton has never won a Division Series game, but he needs to pitch at a top level today to help the Atlanta Braves pull even in their first-round set against the Houston Astros.
Fed Lifts Rates for Fourth Time This Year  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve on Wednesday  nudged U.S. interest rates up a quarter percentage point for  the fourth time this year, citing healthier job markets and  indicating it will press on with a rate-rise campaign.
Dean on Blogs, Politics and the Internet \\My boy Howard Dean talks  about the next generation of politics:\\"The destination of the Democratic Party means making it a party that can\communicate with its supporters and with all Americans. Politics is at its\best when we create and inspire a sense of community. The tools that were\pioneered in my campaign -- like blogs, and meetups, and streaming video --\are just a start. We must use all of the power and potential of technology as\part of an aggressive outreach to meet and include voters, to work with the\state parties, and to influence media coverage."\\The Internet will fundamentally change every aspect of society.  It started in\how we developed software.  Open Source is starting  ...\\
EBay #39;s PayPal hit by glitches in online payments EBay #39;s online payment service PayPal has suffered intermittent glitches since late last week, locking some users out of their accounts for long stretches and making
Romanian FA chief blasts Mutu Adrian Mutu has been accused of getting carried away with his fame and fortune by the president of the Romanian Football Association.
E-Mail Voting Prompts Security Concerns (AP) AP - Missouri will allow members of the military stationed overseas to return absentee ballots via e-mail, raising concerns from Internet security experts about fraud and ballot secrecy.
Gunmen Kill 4, Seize Weapons in Russia's Caucasus  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Islamic militants killed four anti-drugs  unit members and seized more than 170 submachine guns and  pistols on Tuesday in an attack on the unit's offices in  Russia's volatile Caucasus region.
Oil Won #39;t Derail Expansion -Fed Officials Near-record oil prices will slow US economic growth but won #39;t be enough to derail a self-sustaining expansion, US Federal Reserve officials said on Monday.
Dollar Back Toward Record Lows Vs. Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar dropped to within half a cent\of this week's record low against the euro and hit 7-1/2-month\lows on the yen on Friday as traders took the view that world\finance chiefs would not try to slow the dollar's slide.
PA in talks with World Bank over Gaza after pullout The Palestinian Authority is negotiating with the World Bank and, indirectly, with Israeli representatives, regarding economic and administrative arrangements for the post-disengagement Gaza Strip.
US Not Aiming to Topple N.Korean Regime-Report  TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States has decided to aim for  a gradual transformation in North Korea rather than seek to  topple North Korean leader Kim Jong-il's regime, a Japanese  newspaper said Saturday.
Halladay returns to form CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Roy Halladay was determined to end a difficult season on a high note. The Toronto Blue Jays #39; ace was back in his Cy Young form, throwing eight innings of one-run ball in a 4-2 victory over the New York Yankees on Saturday afternoon.
Harriet Rubin How much of the antagonism between Disney CEO Michael Eisner and former No. 2 Michael Ovitz is really over money? Both have testified about their rocky relationship during a trial in which stockholders are
NL Wrap: Baseball-Five-Hit Beltre Leads Dodgers to Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Adrian Beltre pounded out five hits,  including his major league-leading 42nd home run of the season,  to guide the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4-2 win over the host New  York Mets in the National League Saturday.
Blast  #39;bears JI hallmarks #39; THE Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta which killed at least nine people was an indication al-Qaeda linked militants in Indonesia were regrouping, Indonesian police said today.
Hewitt, Clijsters Reach Break Point in Opposites-Attract &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Belgian Kim Clijsters on her website Thursday announced that her relationship with Aussie Lleyton Hewitt has come to an end.  quot;Kim and Lleyton have agreed to end their relationship for private reasons.
Now, Google changes rules of international game Despite Wall Streets carping in recent weeks and having landed in trouble (for failing to register as many as \$3 billion worth of shares), Googles young founders have landed on their feet.
#39;Morning Edition #39; Returns: Webster #39;s Most Wanted Description: The most requested word on Merriam-Webster #39;s Web site isn #39;t in the dictionary yet. The word is blog. It will be in the next edition.
Santana, Jones Lead Twins Past Yankees  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Johan Santana threw seven  shutout innings and Jacque Jones homered to lead the Minnesota  Twins to a 2-0 victory over New York in the opener of a  best-of-five American League Division Series at Yankee Stadium.
Pilots reject US Air #39;s new offer US Airways (UAIR) executives Tuesday held out hope of reaching a key money-saving deal with pilots, despite a major setback late Monday.
To Standardize Linux In an effort to help ensure standardization, the Free Standards Group has officially released the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0, a specification composed of interoperability standards, a base set of APIs and libraries and developer environments and test
ABC Drops College Bowl Series  NEW YORK (Hollywood Reporter) - ABC has pulled out of  negotiations to continue airing college football's Bowl  Championship Series (BCS).
New Windows Planned for 2006 Microsoft Corp. announced yesterday that it will leave out some planned features from its next major operating system to meet a goal of rolling out a new version of Windows in the second half of 2006.
Jones Apparel: Does Barney's Mean Trouble? The fashion company continues to build and buy in the face of disappointing sales.
Judge Orders Parmalat Auditors to Trial  MILAN (Reuters) - An Italian judge opened preliminary  hearings on Tuesday into the 14-billion-euro collapse of  Parmalat and immediately ruled that two former auditors of the  food group should stand trial in one of Europe's biggest fraud  cases.
Hostages - convoy under attack Damascus - A French lawmaker involved in negotiations to free two French journalists held hostage in Iraq said on Friday that a convoy bringing the two to Syria came under US fire, scuttling their release.
Insurance industry misdeeds widening? In town to testify on bid rigging and price-fixing in the insurance industry, California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi yesterday said ongoing investigations might reveal
Strong quake rocks Tokyo and surrounding areas (AFP) AFP - A strong earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale and a series of aftershocks hit Japan's capital Tokyo and its surrounding areas, the Meteorological Agency said.
ATI RADEON XPRESS 200 Unveiled November 08, 2004 - ATI today has announced its RADEON XPRESS 200 motherboard chipset. Targeted at AMD Athlon 64 and Sempron processors, the chipset features an integrated graphics core based on ATI #39;s RADEON X300 chipset.
Egypt frees alleged spy in Israel deal Egypt yesterday freed an Israeli Arab businessman, convicted of spying, in exchange for Israel #39;s release of six Egyptian students.
The home of the Brave  and the meek The Astros #39; 12-3 victory Monday night in Game 5 of the National League Division Series marked the third consecutive season that the Braves have lost the deciding playoff game at home.
Under Ridge, Color Alerts and Mixed Security Reviews Tom Ridge leaves with a record of progress, but his successor faces daunting challenges that critics say were largely ignored.
Former Marine in Iraq: We fired on unarmed civilians, wounded &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A former Marine on the front lines of Iraq, a witness for an American seeking to become the first US soldier granted asylum in Canada, said Wednesday several men in his unit were  quot;psychopaths
Belarus wrestler brawls after defeat ATHENS -- The Ano Liossia Olympic Hall looked more like Madison Square Garden yesterday when Olympic freestyle wrestling took on more of a WWE flavour.
Telstra chief quits TELSTRA chief executive Ziggy Switkowski will step down in 2005, two years short of the end of his contract. The announcement was made by Telstra chairman Donald McGauchie and was backed by the board.
Blair faces Labour wrath over Iraq Prime Minister Tony Blair was set to face the anger of rank and file members of his Labour Party over the Iraq war on Thursday, as party officials tried to head off a motion calling for British troops to quit the country.
Forces move to stop Thailand rioters Security forces fired shots in the air and used water cannons and tear gas to disperse about 2,000 angry Muslim youths rioting in Thailand #39;s troubled south Monday, leaving
Oil Hits \$47 as Supply Worries Linger  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit a one month-high of \$47 a  barrel on Tuesday as China showed no let-up in its strong  import growth and traders worried that U.S. petroleum  inventories had drawn down heavily due to Hurricane Ivan.
Results of Poll on Attitudes Over Economy (AP) AP - The Associated Press-Ipsos poll on attitudes about the economy is based on telephone interviews with 1,001 randomly selected adults from all states except Alaska and Hawaii. The interviews were conducted Sept. 7-9 by Ipsos-Public Affairs.
NHL veteran Sergei Zholtok collapses and dies at end of hockey &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - Veteran NHL player Sergei Zholtok died Wednesday of an apparent heart ailment. He was 31. Zholtok was playing hockey fsor the club team in his home city of Riga, the Latvian capital, when he became ill near the end of a game.
Schilling set for operation: Expected back in February Two days before results of the 2004 American League Cy Young Award balloting are to be announced, Red Sox stats, schedule right-hander Curt Schilling stats, news
Shipowners #39; threat sends oil soaring The threat of a lock-out by Norwegian shipowners which would halt production at the world #39;s third-biggest crude producer has sent oil prices to record highs.
Key college games on TV NOTRE DAME (4-2) vs. NAVY (5-0) &gt; When, where: Tomorrow, noon, at East Rutherford, N.J. TV, radio: Channels 4, 12; WJDA (1300). AP rankings: Neither team is ranked. Last season: Notre Dame won, 27-24. Comments: Notre Dame and Navy play for the 78th consecutive year, making it the longest continuous intersectional rivalry in the country. The Irish hold a 67-9-1 ...
Bush Campaign Lawyer Quits Over Ties to Ads Group (Reuters) Reuters - A top lawyer for President\Bush's re-election campaign resigned on Wednesday after\disclosing he has been providing legal advice to a group that\accuses Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry of lying\about his Vietnam War record.
Antivirus companies warn of new Bagle variants New versions of the Bagle worm rolled onto the Internet Friday, prompting antivirus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
New powers needed to fight terrorism, Australia's counter-terror chief says (AFP) AFP - The head of Australia's major counter-terrorism force has called for extra powers to face increasing threats and warned terrorists are using new technology to wreak havoc far outside their own countries.
Shortage of steel forces halt at Nissan TOKYO Nissan Motor said on Thursday that a shortage of steel would force it to halt production temporarily at three of its four auto factories in Japan, a highly unusual step the company said was made necessary in part by a surge in demand for steel from
Sudan Lifts State of Emergency in North Darfur Sudan said it had lifted all restrictions on aid workers and revoked a state of emergency in the troubled North Darfur state on Saturday, after rebels pulled out from a town they occupied last week.
Researchers consider chances of life on Mars com. Researchers can now say definitively that Mars once supported a watery environment, but whether the red planet could have ever supported life is still far from certain.
Sales tax deduction revived Washington taxpayers will be able to deduct their state sales taxes from their federal income taxes if the US Senate votes this weekend to approve a major tax overhaul.
Cambridge lands major drug maker Dutch drug conglomerate Akzo Nobel NV is planning to set up a research laboratory in East Cambridge, joining a growing list of pharmaceutical firms that have established outposts to tap Greater Boston's biotechnology cluster.
DVD format war heats up Three Hollywood studios have announced their support for the high definition DVD (HD DVD) standard, raising the likelihood of a tough standards war with Sony #39;s rival Blu-ray technology.
Sharp drops handhelds from US retail market com October 20, 2004, 12:39 PM PT. Sharp Electronics is ceasing development of its Linux-based handheld devices for US consumers--the latest maker to wash its hands of the once-popular retail market.
Airlines take a hit on fuel MONTREAL -- Despite a jump of 19 in world air traffic so far this year, airlines are expected to lose as much as \$4 billion US in 2004 due to high fuel costs, says the International Air Transport Association.
Cassini Close-Up on Titan NASA #39;S Cassini space-probe has sent back some stunning images from its close encounter with Titan, one of the moon #39;s of the giant ringed planet Saturn.
Who? Who? And Clemens The Houston Astros and their fans patiently waited 42 years before winning their first post-season series on Monday and what do they get for a payoff?
Allchin #39;s last stand? COMMENTARY -- Jim Allchin has a thing about video. The Windows chief is a brilliant engineer, keeper of Redmond #39;s crown jewels, and easily the most powerful person at Microsoft after Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer.
IBM Reveals Blade With Room For Two SCSI Drives IBM is now offering enterprises the ability to add two small form-factor SCSI drives internally to the five new HS20 models of BladeCenter systems, which are based on the 2.8 GHz to 3.6 GHz Intel Xeon-processor with 64 bit extensions.
#39;Jackal aide #39; in case 2 acquittal BERLIN, Germany -- A German court has acquitted Johannes Weinrich, said to be the right-hand man of international guerrilla  quot;Carlos the Jackal, quot; of charges that he took part in a deadly series of bombings in France in the early 1980s.
Silverstones future looks bleak Bernie Ecclestone, the owner of the commercial rights to the Formula 1 (F1) world championship, has reportedly pulled the plug on the British Grand Prix.
Stocks Look to Open Weak as Oil Firms  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Stock futures slipped on Wednesday,  pointing to a weak market open, as firming oil prices and a  wide-reaching investigation into the insurance and health  industry cast a shadow over Wall Street.
Q A: Microsoft's Linux strategist Martin Taylor With a year under his belt as Microsoft Corp.'s chief Linux strategist, Martin Taylor has a lot to say about where he sees Linux going and how Microsoft plans to compete with the open-source operating system.
Body Asymmetry Tied to Aggression If one of your ears is bigger than the other, it may be a sign you #39;re more likely to be aggressive when you get angry. So say Ohio State University researchers, who found
Darren Clarke Wins Taiheiyo Masters (AP) AP - Northern Ireland's Darren Clarke won the Taiheiyo Masters on Sunday, closing with 4-under 68 for a six-stroke victory.
Stepanek, Canas Reach Paris Masters Last Four  PARIS (Reuters) - Qualifier Radek Stepanek and Argentine  Guillermo Canas took advantage of the absence of leading  players and the early losses of others to scrape into the Paris  Masters last four Friday.
Hearing held on Hamm medal Paul Hamm said yesterday that he would give back his Olympic gold medal if sport's highest court ordered him to. But lawyers for the American gymnast and the US Olympic Committee told the sport's highest court that there are no grounds to change the results of last month's men's all-around competition, which Hamm won with the greatest comeback in the ...
Subsidy battle heats up PARIS The chief executive of Boeing, Harry Stonecipher, insisted Thursday that he was trying to prevent a trans-Atlantic dispute over subsidies for Airbus by demanding an end to government aid programs for the rival aircraft manufacturer.
Car bomb kills 10 Iraqi policemen BAGHDAD - A car bomb exploded at a police station Saturday near a base in western Iraq used by US Marines, killing 10 Iraqi policemen and wounding 48 other people, officials said.
Report: PeopleSoft prepares for proxy fight with Oracle UNDATED The Wall Street Journal reports PeopleSoft is getting ready for a proxy fight at its annual meeting next spring over the Oracle takeover bid.
Bonds Still Shy of 700 Barry Bonds goes 0-for-2 and draws two walks, one of them intentional, in San Francisco's 3-2 victory over Milwaukee, keeping the Giants in the wild-card lead.
Anti-Bush activists on the march Opponents of President Bush take to the streets of New York for a protest march ahead of the Republican convention.
SugarCRM sweetens new open-source CRM product Open-source software start-up SugarCRM Inc. tomorrow will release Sugar Sales Professional 1.5, the first commercial enterprise version of its Linux-based open-source CRM application.
JBoss unveils workflow engine This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Goosen Forges One-Shot Lead at Grand Slam of Golf South Africa #39;s Retief Goosen fired a seven-under-par 65 to take a one-shot lead over the season #39;s other three major winners after the first round of the 36-hole PGA Grand Slam of Golf in Kauai, Hawaii on Tuesday.
Donald confident enough to play with any of his Ryder Cup &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland (PA) -- Luke Donald will tell Bernhard Langer this week that he is confident enough to be paired with any of his European teammates in the 35th Ryder Cup Matches at Oakland Hills.
Minnesota Teen Pleads Guilty in Web Worm Hack Attack By GENE JOHNSON    SEATTLE (AP) -- A Minnesota high school senior pleaded guilty Wednesday in federal court to unleashing a variant of the "Blaster" Internet worm, which crippled more than a million computers last summer.    Jeffrey Lee Parson, 19, of Hopkins, Minn., is likely to face 18 months to three years behind bars after pleading guilty to one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a protected computer...
R. Clark May Start Ryan Clark may start in place of injured safety Matt Bowen when the Redskins play the Bears on Sunday.
Patriots Begin Title Defense with Narrow Win Over Colts (Reuters) Reuters - The New England Patriots began their\quest for successive Super Bowl titles with a tight 27-24 win\over the Indianapolis Colts in the opening game of the NFL\season in Foxboro Thursday.
American Express #39;s Chenault Seen Extending Profit-Growth Streak American Express Co. Chief Executive Officer Kenneth Chenault probably will say earnings rose more than 10 percent for the 11th straight quarter, the best performance of all the companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
US blue chips hurt by Alcoa, but techs rise US blue chips were knocked lower on Friday by a profit warning from aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. , but tech stocks gained after a judge rejected a government bid to block a takeover of PeopleSoft Inc.
Morpheus Wins Legal Victory The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled on August 19th that Grokster and StreamCast could not be held responsible for copyright infringement, because they exercised no control over the
Putin accuses West President Vladimir Putin has accused the West of indulging terrorists, just hours after a Chechen warlord claimed responsibility for a wave of deadly attacks in Russia and threatened more.
Margaret Thatcher 'Distressed' About Son's Arrest  LONDON (Reuters) - Former British Prime Minister Margaret  Thatcher is "distressed" about her son's arrest in South Africa  on suspicion of involvement in a coup plot in oil-rich  Equatorial Guinea, a spokesman said Thursday.
Palestinian PM Qorei set for talks in Egypt (AFP) AFP - Palestinian premier Ahmed Qorei is to hold talks with senior officials in Egypt this week over Israel's planned pullout from the Gaza Strip and the possibility of a new truce by armed factions.
Google slashes IPO price range NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google, the world #39;s most popular Web search engine, has slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited initial public offering to between \$85 and \$95 per share from between \$108 and \$135 per share.
Chase for the Cup To NASCAR fans, a pocket calculator is going to be as valuable today as an air gun for a tire changer. Depending on where they finish in the season finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway, the 18
BearingPoint Warns of Continued Turmoil, Acknowledges Subpoena  BearingPoint Inc. disclosed more troubles yesterday, saying that it will take a restructuring charge of as much as \$67 million and may not be able to report that it has adequate procedures in place to prevent accounting fraud.
Annan cites readiness to expand UN aid WASHINGTON -- UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, fending off Republican demands for his resignation over alleged corruption, said yesterday he will expand UN support for Iraqi elections if need be. He said he was not offended that President Bush did not ask to see him during this visit to Washington.
Athletics: Rare distance doubles for El Guerrouj and Holmes ATHENS Hicham El Guerrouj became the first man in 80 years to win the 1,500 and the 5,000 races at the same Olympics, joining Finnish great Paavo Nurmi in the history books Saturday.
Prso the Rangers saviour RANGERS SURVIVED AN intense inspection of their title credentials at Easter Road yesterday before emerging with the points thanks to a second-half penalty from Dado Prso.
Kazaa Offers Unlimited Free Internet Phone Calls (Reuters) Reuters - Sharman Networks Ltd., distributor\of the Kazaa file-sharing software, on Monday launched its\latest version which enables users to make free online calls\anywhere in the world.
Portis the showman remains a team player From the first day of the Washington Redskins #39; first minicamp in March, Clinton Portis was marching to a different beat. While his teammates were practically swooning over their first practice under returning
United States 2, El Salvador 0 Brian Ching did it again, putting the United States in good position to advance to the regional finals of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup.
Turmoil Clouds EU Constitution Ceremony (AP) AP - Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso on Thursday sought to ease conflict over his proposed executive team, as the turmoil threatened to cloud solemn ceremonies for the signing of the European Union's proposed constitution.
Tooth and nail: Pierce, C #39;s bite Blazers at buzzer With a little more than 34 seconds to go last night, Portland #39;s Ruben Patterson brought his left forearm down across Paul Pierce news #39;s face in rebound traffic, bringing major pain to Pierce #39;s surgically repaired mouth.
More injury woe for Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez is without Luis Garcia for up to a month as his injury list lengthened last night. Garcia suffered a hamstring injury in the first half of the 1-0 Champions League defeat at Monaco and will be sidelined until around Christmas time.
EU warns of evidence against harmful US aerospace subsidies The European Union warned the US ambassador to the WTO Thursday that the EU had abundant proof that US aerospace subsidies are harming European competitors by undercutting prices and causing them to lose markets.
As crude oil supply grows, gas prices drop CAMARILLO, Calif. Gasoline prices are dropping, thanks to an increase in the supply of crude oil. The semimonthly Lundberg Survey finds the combined national average price for all grades of gasoline is now two dollars and four cents.
Vibrating sex toy shuts Australian airport MACKAY, AUSTRALIA - A vibrating sex toy tossed in a garbage can shut down operations at an Australian airport for about an hour on Monday.
Alitalia to present finalized restructuring plan LONDON, October 6 (newratings.com) - Alitalia (ALI.FSE) has reached an agreement with its major labour unions and the Italian government, enabling the loss-making airline to access a 400 million (492.
Indians Come Back to Beat Tigers 7-6 (AP) AP - Jhonny Peralta's two-run double keyed Cleveland's five-run seventh inning, and the Indians rallied to defeat the Detroit Tigers 7-6 on Wednesday night.
Wednesday at the Ryder Cup Bloomfield Hills, MI (Sports Network) - As I write this column about my first day at the 35th Ryder Cup Matches, there is something very interesting on my television at the moment.
Mozilla Nears Firefox Finale Mozilla Firefox, the open-source alternative to Microsoft Corp. #39;s dominant Web browser, is preparing for prime time with the first preview of its 1.0 release and a new marketing campaign.
Chechens Mark Birthday Of Slain Leader Ahead Of Election MOSCOW, Aug 23 (AFP) - Chechens marked the birthday of their murdered leader Monday, days ahead of an election to replace him at the helm of the Caucasus republic where a five-year guerrilla war shows no signs of dying down.
India win a weekly lottery, Aussies take away the jackpot Undated: Like the physicists #39; search for the Higgs Bosun, the God particle, India #39;s ambition to be the world #39;s best Test side may seem an endlessly futile task.
Court Hears Interstate Wine Sales Case WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court considered Tuesday whether state alcoholic beverage regulations put in place 70 years ago, after Prohibition was lifted, should remain the law of the land in the Internet age.
Blast rocks central Baghdad A cloud of smoke was seen rising close to the Green Zone government and diplomatic compound. US Military officials said a suicide bomber had struck at the same spot where a similar attack killed at least seven Iraqis a day before .
SBC, BellSouth Buying YellowPages.com BellSouth and SBC intend to combine YellowPages.com with their own online directory affiliates, RealPages.com and SmartPages.com, respectively.
Ducks Continue to Thrive in Long Island (AP) AP - Before the shopping malls, before Levittown and Jones Beach, before the traffic jams on the Long Island Expressway, there were the ducks.
Microsoft begins testing Windows Marketplace The online shopping and download center for Windows-related stuff gets a public workout.
Fannie Mae Supports New Regulatory Bill The company, which has long fought legislative efforts to limit its powers, is hoping the strategy will put them in a stronger position to bargain over crucial details with the  government.
Experts Link Some Drugs to Teen Suicide  BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - The use of some antidepressant  drugs appears linked to an increase in suicidal behavior in  some children and teen-agers, a U.S. advisory panel concluded  on Tuesday.
Brazilian striker dies during Indian club match Brazilian striker Cristiano de Lima Jr died yesterday after collapsing on the field during a domestic club tournament in the southern Indian city of Bangalore.
Jaguars #39; late TD beats Titans 15-12 The last time the Jacksonville Jaguars were facing a goal-to-go situation at Nashville Coliseum with time winding down, they went away disappointed.
ECB leaves interest rates unchanged European Central Bank holds rates at record low of 2, citing concerns about soaring oil prices. BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Central Bank left its key interest rate unchanged Thursday, taking more time
Stocks Rise on Drop in Consumer Prices NEW YORK - Stocks rose for a second straight session Tuesday as a drop in consumer prices and a decline in crude oil futures Tuesday allowed investors to put aside worries about inflation, at least for the short term. The Dow Jones industrial average pushed past the 10,000 mark for the first time in nearly two weeks...
Technology Challenges Sprint-Nextel Merger (AP) AP - The proposed merger of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
COL FB: Tennessee 19, Georgia 14 Freshman quarterback Erik Ainge threw two touchdown passes Saturday as No. 17 Tennessee nipped No. 3 and previously unbeaten Georgia, 19-14.
Nepal's Maoists Suspend Kathmandu Blockade  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepal's Maoist rebels have  temporarily suspended a crippling economic blockade of the  capital from Wednesday, saying the move was in response to  popular appeals.
Foreign leaders, royals arrive for Brunei crown prince #39;s wedding BANDAR SERI BEGAWAN : A glittering array of foreign leaders and royal figures began arriving in Brunei for the grand wedding of the heir to the throne of the oil-rich sultanate.
The first to go THE wheels of the managerial merry-go-around have been well and truly greased with the swift sacking of Paul Sturrock at Southampton.
Fischer fails to halt deportation A court in Japan rejects former chess champion Bobby Fischer's request to halt \his deportation to the US.
What's That? Baseball's Back? I hadn't paid much attention to baseball lately -- what with the scintillating presidential campaign, the scintillating fall television season and Britney Spears's scintillating, latest marriage -- so imagine my surprise when I woke up the other afternoon to the latest developments:
Bonds presumed innocent, and great MVP voters focus on slugger #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a season full of free passes, Barry Bonds just got one more. He received the 2004 National League Most Valuable Player Award on Monday because of something resembling the presumption of innocence, which
Heart-breaking loss for Tall Blacks The Tall Blacks were eliminated from the medal round of the Athens Olympics on Monday after suffering a heartbreaking 88-84 loss to Spain.
Ex-Citigroup Executives May Face SEC Charges Citigroup said today that federal regulators had warned the bank that an investigation of its asset management unit could result in an enforcement action against the executive who ran the division until this week.
Ukrainians vote for president amid fears of rigging and unrest Ukrainians cast ballots in a presidential election Sunday that has raised fears of post-election unrest in this ex-Soviet republic, and the opposition complained of election violations just hours into the voting.
Longhorn plans cut short Microsoft last week faced accusations of short-changing its Software Assurance customers following its decision to strip core features from the next major Windows client operating system, codenamed Longhorn.
Thousands in Russia Rally Against Terror MOSCOW - Waving flags and banners, tens of thousands of Russians demonstrated against terrorism Tuesday, massing outside the Kremlin in response to calls for solidarity by President Vladimir Putin's government after a series of deadly attacks that have killed more than 400 people.    The growing crowd stood still for a moment of silence in memory of victims, starting the rally after a clock atop the Kremlin's Spassky Tower struck 5 p.m...
Maverick U.S. States Prove Popular at Climate Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Not all Americans are\unpopular at this week's U.N. conference on climate change.
Small Firms  Vie for Slice Of Security Pie Small technology businesses in the Washington area have learned that breaking into the homeland security business is a lot harder than they'd expected. Just getting a call returned or a proposal considered is a victory. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
AP: Israel Cave Linked to John the Baptist (AP) AP - Archaeologists think they've found a cave where John the Baptist baptized many of his followers  #151; basing their theory on thousands of shards from ritual jugs, a stone used for foot cleansing and wall carvings telling the story of the biblical preacher.
Future looks bleak for Yukos HAMISH ROBERTSON: But first to Moscow where the future of Russia #39;s largest oil company, Yukos, isn #39;t looking too bright this weekend.
30-, 15-Yr Mortgages Lowest Since April  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Interest rates on U.S. 30- and  15-year mortgages fell this week to their lowest levels since  early April as the housing market showed little sign of slowing  despite the Federal Reserve's move to raise interest rates,  mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
Darfur talks near collapse ABUJA (AFP) - African Union mediators struggled Thursday to persuade the Sudanese government and rebel leaders from the war-torn region of Darfur to sign up to a compromise security deal and save their peace talks from failure.
Car Bomb in Baghdad Targets Minister, Two Killed  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A car bomb targeting Iraq's education  minister exploded in Baghdad early on Tuesday, killing two  people and wounding three others, a bodyguard and witnesses at  the scene said.
Canada #39;s Inflation Rate Unexpectedly Picks Up to 2.4 (Update1) Canada #39;s inflation rate unexpectedly accelerated in November to a 2.4 percent rate, reflecting a jump in prices for new cars, gasoline and houses from a year earlier.
Transport owners wrongly advised: FM NEW DELHI: Union finance minister P Chidambaram on Sunday said truck operators and owners, who are on strike protesting the imposition of service tax, have been wrongly advised and misguided by goods transport agents even as the government
Fact and Comment (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The stock market in 2004 has been, at best, treading water. Yet presidential election years are supposed to see equities rise. This one will be no exception. Stocks often go up in rapid bursts. As people grasp that President Bush will indeed be reelected, the market will experience a sharp rally. Expect the S amp;P 500 to end the year well above 1250, up at least 12 from year-end 2003.
Briefly: LookSmart buys Furl.net roundup Plus: Pentagon expands access to voting site...Ad campaign touts multimedia cards...T-Mobile sells Sidekick II...Spyware bill moves to Senate.
Campaign Donor Data Goes Mobile Political wonks no longer need to hunch over their PCs to track the political leanings of different regions. A new service sends that data to cell phones and PDAs, so people can find out instantly if they're in a Democratic or Republican stronghold. By Daniel Terdiman.
Oil Prices Hit New High The price of this key commodity has risen by about a third just since the beginning of July. In London, oil closed at \$43.80 a barrel, while in New York oil closed at \$48.70, up three percent.
SEC Probes DaimlerChrysler  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCX.N&lt;/A&gt;  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday the U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission has opened a probe into the automaker's compliance  with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which includes  anti-bribery provisions.
Another loss to BC crushes Notre Dame Its not surprising the Notre Dame players and coaches were using words like devastating, heartbreaking and unbelievable following Saturdays 24-23 home loss to Boston College.
US fears for World Cup winner Casey SEVILLE (Spain): A knee-trembling three-foot putt brought the curtain down on Sunday on an extraordinary, topsy-turvy week for England Ryder Cup star Paul Casey.
Scramjet flies at Mach 10 By staff writers and wires. NASA says it has broken the world speed record for powered flight with an experimental jet that has just flown at 10 times the speed of sound.
Apple peels wraps off fastest ever iBook G4 Apple has unveiled what it claims is its fastest ever iBook G4 laptop, a \$1,499 1.33GHz PowerPC G4 processor-based device sporting a 14in screen and a DVD burner drive.
Sanderson Takes Coaching Job at Iowa Sta (AP) AP - Olympic gold medalist Cael Sanderson was hired as an assistant wrestling coach at Iowa State, where he went 159-0 while winning four NCAA championships.
Real v Apple music war: iPod freedom petition backfires Hostilities started in late July, when Real cracked Apple #39;s FairPlay code, meaning songs bought from the RealPlayer Music Store could be played on the iPod - a move that went down very badly over at Apple. Real then decided to ratchet up the pressure by ...
Sprinter Earle Connor suspended from Paralympic team pending CCES &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (CP) - Canadian sprinter Earle Connor has been suspended from the Canadian Paralympic team pending the final review of his positive drug test by the Canadian Centre for Ethics in Sport.
Could Dry Quicksand Explain Desert Disappearances? (Reuters) Reuters - Could people and vehicles that have\mysteriously vanished in the desert have been swallowed up by\shifting sands?
BJP demands transfer of seer case India's main opposition says the case of a Hindu seer facing murder charges must be heard outside Tamil Nadu to ensure that justice is delivered.
US Airways Pilots Accept 18 Percent Cut The US Airways pilots #39; deal extends through 2009. Along with an 18 percent pay cut, pilots will have to fly more hours each month, likely resulting in more furloughs.
Goals Still in View The Ravens are focusing on the positives following a 24-3 loss to the Patriots. Baltimore is still in playoff position and faces two losing teams in the next two weeks.
Child Soldiers in Front Line of Wars Across World (Reuters) Reuters - Boys and girls as young as nine years\old are in the front line of wars across the world, and even\when the fighting has finished they are largely neglected in\the peace process, a report said Wednesday.
Microsoft to Pay \$536 Million to Novell to Settle Antitrust Dispute Microsoft agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with Novell and an industry trade group, marking the end of a decade-long antitrust battle.
Myskina is toppled by Chakvetadze NEW YORK, US -- Russian qualifier Anna Chakvetadze shocked lackluster French Open champion Anastasia Myskina by beating her 7-6 6-3 in the second round of the US Open in New York.
Former Swift Boat Commander Backs Kerry on Vietnam (Reuters) Reuters - A journalist who commanded a boat\alongside John Kerry in Vietnam broke a 35-year silence on\Saturday and defended the Democratic presidential candidate\against Republican critics of his military service and\integrity.
Jarvis slumps as debt deadline nears Shares in Jarvis have plunged by more than 20 per cent after the support services contractor warned that it may yet fall victim to its 230 million debt burden.
British Troops Head North for Mission Near Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - British troops rolled north from Basra  Wednesday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up  U.S. troops for a widely expected attack on the rebel-held city  of Falluja.
Mexico Warms Up to Voice Over Internet Service  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - VoIP, or voice traffic over the  Internet, is headed for Mexico offering an opportunity for  upstart telecommunications companies but a headache for  traditional companies, who see pressure on their earnings as  the cost of long distance calls decline.
Relief in Chicago: No More 'Frankenfish' (AP) AP - An anxious search Tuesday of a Chicago harbor turned up no more northern snakeheads, a voracious alien fish that can devastate freshwater ecosystems by gobbling up food and native fish.
Bank of Canada Raises Overnight Rate  OTTAWA (Reuters) - The Bank of Canada raised its overnight  interest rate a quarter percentage point on Tuesday to 2.50  percent as expected, and made clear it would keep raising rates  even as it lowered its forecast for Canadian growth.
U.S. to Help Rebuild Tsunami-Stricken Lives -- Powell (Reuters) Reuters - The United States will help the\millions devastated by the Indian Ocean tsunami, but an effort\on the scale of the post-World War II Marshall Plan is probably\not needed, Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Tuesday.
Wall Street Seen Flat; TI Buyback to Buoy US stocks were set for a steady start on Friday with a billion dollar share buyback plan at Texas Instruments (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) lending some backbone to the technology sector.
Jaco injury worry for Boks South Africa fly-half Jaco Van der Westhuyzen faces a race against time to be fit for Saturday #39;s Test match against Ireland in Dublin because of a finger injury sustained against Wales at Cardiff #39;s Millennium Stadium.
In face of losses, Woods answers questions BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- There was a stern look on his face when he won the first hole, courtesy of Paul Casey's three-putt bogey, and when Tiger Woods went 2 up at the fifth, he hardly showed emotion.
Georgia Overcomes First SEC Road Test (AP) AP - Georgia's depth and defense kept the Bulldogs unbeaten.
Plastic magnet breaks the mold The world #39;s first practical plastic magnet has been created at the University of Durham, according to a report in New Scientist magazine.
Wall Street stocks enjoy late-day rally despite high oil price Wall Street stocks ended higher Wednesday, boosted by a late-day rally despite the record crude oil price of more than 52 US dollars per barrel.
Acquisition Nets Big Clients PEC Solutions Inc. said yesterday it had acquired AC Technologies Inc. for \$46.7 million in cash plus \$3 million in employee bonuses and payouts. Both companies are government contractors based in Fairfax.
Mount St. Helens Crater Shaken by Earthquake The earthquake, which struck on Saturday at the crater at Mount St. Helens, measured 3.1 on the Richter scale, making it the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October.
Music Publisher Settles Copyright Skirmish Over Guthrie Classic San Francisco, CA - Music publisher Ludlow Music, Inc., has officially backed down on its threats against web animation studio JibJab Media Inc.
TV to the rescue Cell phone executives say new data-oriented services such as TV will help bolster an industry in a precarious state.
Toxins Accumulate in Arctic Peoples, Animals, Study Says Manufacturing is virtually nonexistent in the Arctic, yet recent studies show that Eskimos and other Arctic peoples carry unusually high levels of human-made toxins.
More Cities Have Internet Presence COVINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- When northern Kentucky resident Bill Glenn wanted to know about parking options in Covington, he logged on to the city's Web site and sent an e-mail...
Zimbabwe Ruling Party Elects Woman as Mugabe Deputy  HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe's ruling party on Saturday  confirmed the election of the first woman candidate as deputy  to President Robert Mugabe at the end of a congress which also  endorsed Mugabe as party leader for another five years.
They like it here -- we knew they would When you #39;re from Boston, you get used to knowing everything about everything, especially sports. It #39;s as simple as that. When the hometown is
Putin Critical of New Ukraine Vote Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday sharply criticized the Ukrainian opposition's proposal to hold a repeat of the nation's disputed presidential runoff, telling Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma that a revote "would yield nothing."
Iran #39;s Olympic snub Iran #39;s transparent decision to boycott head-to-head competitions against Israeli athletes is an assault on the Olympic ideal. It needs to be dealt with swiftly and sternly. Instead, the International Judo Federation could not find enough executive members ...
Singapore Bans Human Cloning, Stem Cell Research OK (Reuters) Reuters - Singapore banned human cloning\Thursday and said offenders would face 10 years in jail to\prevent "abhorrent experiments."
U.S.: Blast Consistent with N.Korea Explanation  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea's explanation that a  blast last week was demolition work for a power project rather  than a nuclear explosion squared with what Washington saw,  Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Tuesday.
Monsanto unveils VISTIVE soybeans A new, conventionally bred low-linolenic soybean that will reduce or eliminate trans fatty acids in processed soybean oil is ready to roll, Monsanto announced at a press conference this morning at the Farm Progress Show in Alleman, Iowa.
Sudan says rebels continuing attacks despite peace talks; Straw &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sudan #39;s interior minister said Tuesday that a cease-fire with rebel factions in the Darfur region was violated twice on the opening day of peace talks that aim to bring an end to the crisis.
Gordon Cooper, NASA Mercury Pioneer, Dies (AP) AP - Gordon Cooper, who as one of the original Mercury astronauts was a pioneer in human space exploration, has died. He was 77.
Man Attacks East China Kindergarten, Wounds 28  BEIJING (Reuters) - Twenty-eight children in eastern China  are in hospital a day after a man wielding a long knife and  homemade bombs attacked them in a kindergarten, officials and  state media said on Sunday.
DNA bank to catch badger killers A database of badger DNA is being created to help catch people who illegally bait the animals and dig their setts.
Crushing blow for bank customers Safe boxes from a bank branch were taken away and crushed as scrap metal, leaving customers shocked and angry at the loss of their most valued possessions, executives acknowledged Wednesday.
IBM triples transistor performance with germanium IBM has successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said yesterday.
Wales dare not speak of All Blacks Wales have not beaten New Zealand for 51 years and in their efforts to end that barren run, they are banning all references to the All Blacks before Saturday #39;s Test at the Millennium Stadium.
Voting machine has trial by fire President Bush and Sen. John Kerry aren #39;t the only ones whose futures are riding on Tuesday #39;s election. Also at stake: the reputation of Diebold, the largest maker of electronic voting machines.
Settlers mass at Knesset for vote Israeli settlers gather outside parliament as it prepares to vote on a plan to move them out of the Gaza Strip.
An Enron Trial With Big Stakes for Ones Ahead s the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at Enron opens in Houston today, it will be notable as much for who is not among the six defendants as who is - and for how little
Net Virus Turf War Resumes A new virus outbreak emerged on Thursday that packs a baffling message: a photograph of accused German virus author Sven Jaschan that security officials believe to be a geeky taunt from a rival gang of computer programmers.
Diebold to Settle E-Voting Suit The company will pony up \$2.6 million to settle a lawsuit over allegedly flawed electronic voting systems it sold to California counties. Surprise: E-vote activists still aren't happy.
Brady's Targets Depleted by Injury (AP) AP - When Tom Brady looked downfield last season, his top targets were Deion Branch and Troy Brown. He'll be focusing on other wide receivers Sunday.
Mixed Bag for Neiman Marcus Upscale retailer reports strong first quarter results followed by weaken-than-expected November sales.
Afghan Kidnappers Say Government Agrees Deal Kidnappers of three UN workers in Afghanistan said on Wednesday the government had agreed to terms for their release, despite indications from Afghan and US officials that a compromise was not possible.
Photos: Segway--coast to coast Josh Caldwell, co-founder of the "America at 10mph" project, scoots across the United States.
Cricket: Harbhajan #39;s dual strike halts Australia in second Test MADRAS, India : Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh grabbed two wickets in three balls to lead India #39;s fightback in the second cricket Test against Australia here.
Microsoft FAT Patent Claim  quot;Bogus quot; Microsoft #39;s patent on the File Allocation Table disk format has been rejected by the US Patent Office, on the grounds that it should never have been granted in the first place.
Venezuelan president reshuffles cabinet Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Sunday appointed new ministers of interior and justice and information, a cabinet reshuffle after his victory in a recall referendum.
Kobe Defense Opposes Releasing Statements (AP) AP - Defense attorneys argued that Kobe Bryant's statements to investigators after the NBA star was accused of rape last summer should be kept secret because it is not yet certain they will be used in his trial.
Smithfield Foods Profit More Than Doubles  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Smithfield Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SFD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said quarterly earnings more than doubled due to  higher hog prices and the hog and pork producer's acquisition  of Farmland Foods last year.
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks End Lower on Profit Taking Tokyo stocks fell Thursday as investors took profits after five straight sessions of gains. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
\$1.1b deal to join hospital chains BRENTWOOD, Tenn. -- LifePoint Hospitals Inc. , an operator of acute care facilities in rural areas, outlined a deal yesterday to buy rival Province Healthcare Co. for about \$1.1 billion in cash and stock.
Rangers win explosive Glasgow derby Alan Thompson and Chris Sutton were sent off for Celtic, while Hoops striker Henri Camara and his Rangers counterpart Nacho Novocould yet be punished for apparent violent conduct offences that were either missed or ignored by referee Kenny Clark but
Red Tide Algae Lurks in Gulf Coast (AP) AP - Scientists are tracking a 400 square-mile bloom of red tide algae lurking off the Gulf Coast, pointing to it as the likely cause of a mass fish kill and several dolphin deaths at the tip of the Florida peninsula.
Magnitude 7.1 quake hits Hokkaido, some injuries reported A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 hit eastern Hokkaido early Monday, injuring several people. Ten people were reported to be injured in the quake, according to local authorities.
Mobile Firms Hope Consumers Will Turn on to TV (Reuters) Reuters - A reality show or soap opera\on your mobile phone? This is the vision of top telecoms firms\as they hope that from 2006 consumers will sign up for new\phones that can receive digital television signals.
Trojans pull rank on Virginia Tech -- barely LANDOVER, Md. -- It was a test of character not many people expected top-ranked Southern California would face so early in the season.
Mauritania 'on brink of famine' Mauritania repeats its call for urgent aid to combat the largest locust plague to hit the region in over 20 years.
Legoland park may be on the block CARLSBAD ---- Legoland California, the North County amusement park based on children #39;s building blocks, and its three sister theme parks in Europe could be sold or transferred out of the Lego company, according to a statement from Legoland officials.
Nikkei Dips Down, Yen Weighs on Exporters (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei share average edged down\by midsession on Monday after erasing opening gains as investor\caution over the yen's rise offset optimism about the\post-election outlook for Wall Street.
Pakistani Forces Attack Terrorist Lairs ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Pakistani troops backed by artillery and aircraft attacked two suspected terrorist hideouts near the rugged Afghan border on Saturday, killing and wounding a number of militants, Pakistan army and security officials said.    The attack was launched near Shakai in the South Waziristan tribal region, scene of several military counterterrorism operations against al-Qaida fugitives and renegade tribesmen in the recent months...
ASEAN recognizes China as market economy (AFP) AFP - The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) has recognised China as a full market economy, Chinese state press reported following a meeting of ASEAN finance ministers in Indonesia.
Q amp;A: Cybertrust CEO describes new security company #39;s plans SEPTEMBER 21, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Betrusted Holdings Inc. in New York and TruSecure Corp. in Herndon, Va., are merging under an agreement announced yesterday to create a new security services company called Cybertrust Inc.
We will meet India half way, vibes not encouraging: Musharraf Lahore, Nov 21 (UNI) Dismayed by India #39;s outright rejection of his recent dramatic proposals, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf has said vibes coming from the neighbouring country are not encouraging but expressed Islamabad #39;s readiness to leave its
Poland withdraws support for EU patent plan Opponents of the proposal say Poland's move delivers a serious blow to attempts to make software patentable in Europe.
Hartford tackles image as nation #39;s seventh-most dangerous city HARTFORD, Conn. -- Hartford officials are pointing to steadily decreasing crime statistics and an overhauled police department in an attempt to discredit a national survey ranking Hartford the country #39;s seventh-dangerous city.
Rights 'catastrophe' in Chechnya The Council of Europe says human rights in Chechnya are "catastrophic" - not the view of the region's president.
Harrington Completes Heavyweight Match Play Field  LONDON (Reuters) - Ireland's Padraig Harrington completes  an impressive 16-man field for next week's World Match Play  Championship, organizers said Friday. The world number eight  joins three other members of Europe's victorious Ryder Cup  team, Lee Westwood, Miguel Angel Jimenez and Thomas Levet, and  captain Bernhard Langer in the 41st Match Play at Wentworth,  England.
NASA Claims New Supercomputer Is World's Fastest The cluster of 20 computers working as one will be used to speed up spacecraft design, environmental prediction and other research.
Federer Leads Top Four Seeds Into Quarter-Finals  BANGKOK (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer led the  top four seeds into the quarter-finals of the Thailand Open by  defeating Swiss compatriot Ivo Heuberger 6-1, 6-3 on Thursday.
Delta Gets Letter for \$500 Million Credi Delta Air Lines Inc., the third-largest carrier in the world, said Monday that it signed a commitment letter from GE Commercial Finance to provide \$500 million of financing to the beleaguered airline.
Product Previews, 8/16/2004 Novell brings updated kernel to enterprise LinuxTimed to coincide with this years linuxworld expo, Novell has announced SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9. Though Novells SuSE division has marketed a commercial Linux distribution based on the v2.6 kernel, this is the first to be granted the more stringently qualified enterprise designation. Besides kernel-level improvements and the usual collection of updated software packages, this release offers improved fail-over, clustering, and resource management and comes bundled with Novells ZENworks configuration management software for Linux. The company claims that its AutoBuild system allows it to offer identical configurations for a variety of platforms, including x86 (both 32- and 64-bit), Itanium, IBM POWER, and IBM mainframes. Free evaluation downloads are available now and support subscriptions start at \$349 per dual-CPU server.SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9, Novell/SuSE
NL Wrap: Jones Homers Twice as Braves Down Cards  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chipper Jones cracked two homers and  Julio Franco's two-run double in the seventh inning drove in  the winning runs as the streaking Atlanta Braves downed the St.  Louis Cardinals 9-7 in the National League Saturday.
Ballet Flats? Walking Shoes? Nah. It's Round Toes and High Heels. A noticeable trend this fall is the full-fledged arrival of round-toed, high-heeled shoes like the ones Ginger Rogers wore when she danced with Fred Astaire - only higher.
Exploit Code Appears for MS Graphics Flaw Just a week after Microsoft released a patch to plug a security flaw in the way at least 13 of its programs handle the JPEG imaging format, code appeared on the Internet on Wednesday showing how to exploit those holes.
Rockstar Games Ships Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rockstar Games, the world-renowned publishing division of Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTWO), is proud to announce that Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas has shipped to retail stores in North America.
Dow falls as oil prices rise; Nasdaq gains NEW YORK - Uneasy investors sold stocks mostly lower Tuesday as oil prices climbed above \$51 per barrel, creating new worries that rising energy costs would curb consumer spending and corporate profits.
NFL Game Summary - New Orleans at St. Louis St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - John Carney #39;s 31-yard field goal 7:04 into overtime handed the New Orleans Saints a dramatic 28-25 victory over the St.
AMD to demo  #39;8-socket #39; dual-core Opteron box AMD will make the first public demonstration of a system build out of its dual-core processors today, the result of a strategy first made public almost a year ago.
Kenny Perry  amp; Stewart Cink lost to Sergio Garcia  amp; Luke Donald 2 amp;1 After sharing the Spaniard #39;s apartment in Switzerland during the European Masters a fortnight ago, Sergio Garcia and Luke Donald shared a vital victory over Kenny Perry and Stewart Cink.
Judging Error Led to Hamm's Gold ATHENS, Greece - Paul Hamm thought his fantastic finish was too good to be true. Maybe he was right...
Huygens probe gets clean bill of health The European Space Agency #39;s Huygens probe, carried millions of miles to Saturn on board the NASA Cassini space craft, has completed its final series of checks before separation.
ObjectsSearch Offers Open Source Search Results ObjectsSearch Offers Open Source Search Results\\Aiming to provide users with unbiased website ranking, ObjectsSearch.com has launched an open source search engine based on Nutch.org's search. ObjectsSearch looks to solve problems related to search result manipulation and information overload. ObjectsSearch claims that their open source approach provides an "alternative to commercial ...
McDowell rides Old Course luck Graeme McDowell, another great talent from the Walker Cup crop of 1999-01, equalled the course record yesterday and so took the lead in the Dunhill Links Championship.
Ispat welcomes Mittal Steel merger Ispat Iscor on Monday said it was delighted with the formation of the new Mittal Steel company, which moved it from the world #39;s number two steel group to the world #39;s biggest steel company.
Product Previews (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - F5 bolsters firewall family\The latest additions to F5 Networks #8217; lineup are two new security products announced Monday that are designed for enterprise networks. FirePass 4100 is the latest version of F5 #8217;s firewall product line designed to provide secure remote access to corporate applications and data using a standard Web browser. The firewall secures Web-based remote access to corporate applications and desktops. TrafficShield 4100 is a Web application firewall designed for the application layer of networks that enforces granular security policies to protect Web applications, as well as database information from both random and targeted application security attacks. Prices for FirePass begin at  #36;24,990 for 100 concurrent users, and TrafficShield prices begin at  #36;39,990. FirePass 4100 and TrafficShield 4100 are available this week.\FirePass 4100, TrafficShield 4100, F5 Networks
Burma junta frees top dissident A dissident who led the 1988 student protests in Burma is freed, as part of a release of 4,000 prisoners.
Toy Safety: Common Sense and Consumer Protection If toys are on your holiday gift list, it #39;s always great to be the one who gives the best toy. Don #39;t forget about safety. Just because a toy is on the store shelf doesn #39;t mean it #39;s safe.
No Extra Security for A's Bullpen in Texas (AP) AP - There was no extra security around the Oakland bullpen Tuesday night for the start of a three-game series in Texas, and that didn't concern the Athletics.
China Offers Rewards for Reporting Porn (AP) AP - China's police ministry on Sunday handed out rewards of up to  #36;240 to people who reported pornographic Web sites in a campaign to stamp out online smut, the government said.
Quake has thousands sleeping out Thousands of people in northern Japan are spending a second night in emergency shelters or out in the open after a series of earthquakes.
Tennis: Federer still on tap for night session at rain-plagued US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK : Heavy rain disrupted play on the 10th day of the US Open, but organizers were still hoping to salvage at least some of the night session, said US Tennis Association chief executive of pro tennis Arlen Kantarian.
U.S. Market Big Test for Mexico's Bimbo  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico's Bimbo, the world's No. 3  bread maker, is expected to start turning around its ailing  U.S. unit next year, aided by new technology to improve  distribution and by the partial closure of a tough competitor,  according to analysts.
Mets sign Pedro for \$53M The Braves will have to face Pedro Martinez regularly for the next four years. If the former Boston Red Sox right-hander with the questionable shoulder can stay healthy, that is.
Nortel loses about \$250 million US in third quarter, half due to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks released preliminary financial results Tuesday showing the technology company lost about \$250 million US in the third quarter, about half of that due to the starup costs of a major contract in India.
Oil Rebounds After Iraq Pipeline Attack  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Friday as a sabotage  attack on Iraqi oil infrastructure reignited concern about the  reliability of crude exports from the country despite a peace  deal to end an uprising in Najaf.
Job Picture Brightens with August Hiring  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. job market brightened in  August as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and  hiring totals for the two prior months were revised up, the  Labor Department reported on Friday.
Radcliffe wins New York marathon World record holder Paula Radcliffe rebounded from her Athens Olympics traumas on Sunday with a dramatic victory in the closest finish yet to the women #39;s New York City marathon.
Lohse Continues Roll Kyle Lohse pitches seven sharp innings as the Twins beat the White Sox, 10-1, Thursday for their ninth straight victory.
Ground game carries Plymouth North Recent history was repeated in yesterday's cross-town matchup between the Plymouth North Blue Eagles and the Plymouth South Panthers at Mario J. Romano Field.
Darfur Talks Stall Over Disarmament African Union-sponsored talks on the conflict in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region have stalled over the crucial issue of disarmament.
A-Rod Right in the Middle of Rivalry (AP) AP - Alex Rodriguez is just glad he ended up on this side of the rivalry. Third base, shortstop, doesn't matter  #151; as long as he's a Yankee.
N Koreans storm Beijing mission A group of 40 people, thought to be North Koreans, force their way into the Canadian embassy in Beijing.
Inkster takes one-stroke lead over Kim Hall of Famer Juli Inkster, looking to extend to her streak of winning a tournament to eight years, shot a 5-under 66 Friday and took a one-stroke lead over Christina Kim after two rounds of the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge.
Two Miami students die of apparent carbon monoxide poisoning Officials say two Florida International University students were found dead in a minivan in Broward County, apparent victims of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Humanitarian Aid Director Is Kidnapped CARE chief, a Briton with dual citizenship, has worked in Iraq for 30 years. Mortar attack kills five Iraqi national guardsmen and hurts 80.
Giants Starting Over With New Coach (AP) AP - Tom Coughlin's first season with the New York Giants might be very similar to his start with the expansion Jacksonville Jaguars.
Lenovo to carve up IBM PC empire Healthy or unhealthy, this national dependence on the web has happened in the 10 short years since IBM targeted the domestic consumer with PCs powerful enough to connect with the web.
Slip in demand lowers prices for seats on NYSE New York Stock Exchange members seeking to rent their trading rights outnumber brokers who want them, as profits decline at the world #39;s biggest stock exchange.
Vonage connects with Linksys, Netgear on VoIP Vonage teams with Wi-Fi equipment makers Linksys and Netgear on voice over Internet Protocol.
Simultaneous Tropical Storms are Very Rare The prospect that a tropical storm and a hurricane - or possibly two hurricanes - could strike Florida on the same day is something meteorologists say they have never seen. "It's almost unheard of," state meteorologist Ben Nelson said.
Injected Contraceptive Raises STD Risk - Study (Reuters) Reuters - Women who use the injected\contraceptive Depo-Provera have a higher rate of sexually\transmitted diseases, U.S. researchers reported on Monday.
AOL to Sell Secure ID Tags to Fight Hackers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - America Online will begin offering to  sell members a security device and service that has been used  to safeguard business computer networks, the world's largest  Internet service provider said on Tuesday.
Rebels threaten to kill Briton The fate of a British hostage kidnapped in Baghdad is looking increasingly perilous after his captors threatened to kill him if their demands are not met.
Gates: Software tycoon to ambassador? PARIS - Is Bill Gates preparing to switch careers, from software architect to ambassador?
Prices of oil drop despite sabotage Oil futures dropped by nearly \$1 per barrel yesterday despite more sabotage of Iraqi oil infrastructure, reinforcing the view among traders that prices had risen too fast earlier this summer.
Afghan Given Death in Reporters' Murders (AP) AP - An Afghan court sentenced a man to death Saturday for the 2001 killing of three foreign journalists and an Afghan colleague who were pulled from their cars, robbed and shot as they rushed to cover the collapse of the Taliban.
Health insurer grows as industry changes UnitedHealth Group, the largest US health insurance company, has said that it will spend \$300 million in cash to buy Definity Health, a smaller health technology company specializing in plans that allow consumers leeway in directing their medical spending
Schumacher Storms to Sixth Japanese F1 Win &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alastair Himmer&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SUZUKA, Japan (Reuters) - Ferrari's Michael Schumacherpowered to an easy victory in the Japanese Grand Prix on Sundayfor his 13th win of the season.&lt;/p&gt;
Harmony set for Gold Fields bid - FT South African gold producer Harmony, with backing from Russian metals giant Norilsk Nickel, is poised to make a surprise takeover bid today for Gold Fields, the world #39;s fourth biggest producer, the Financial Times has reported.
No. 14 Vanderbilt Routs Siena, 76-47 (AP) AP - Ashley Earley scored 21 points to lead No. 14 Vanderbilt over Siena 76-47 in the championship game of the Vanderbilt Tournament on Saturday.
Sadler wins race, clinches spot in top 10 Elliott Sadler raced to his second victory of the season and wrapped up a spot in the NASCAR #39;s new championship playoff Sunday night at California Speedway.
EU ponders sugar industry reforms EU agriculture ministers are to discuss urgent reforms to Europe's heavily subsidised sugar industry.
Torvalds comes out against EU patent directive SAN FRANCISCO - Three prominent open source software developers, including Linus Torvalds, the creator of Linux, have issued a statement urging the European Union Council to reject proposed legislation that would codify the practice of granting software patents in the E.U.
Sunni leader blames Shi #39;ites MULTAN (Pakistan) - A leader of a radical Sunni group blamed yesterday #39;s bombings at a religious gathering on radical Shi #39;ite Muslims.
Rugby: Woodward to quit England England coach Sir Clive Woodward says he will hand in his resignation on Wednesday.
Hollinger International #39;s Suit Against Black Is Dismissed A federal judge yesterday tossed out Hollinger International Inc. #39;s \$1.25 billion suit against embattled press tycoon Conrad M. Black and other top corporate officials, ruling that the company
Update 7: Tentative Deal Reached in Casino Strike In front of Bally #39;s Atlantic City, a discarded  quot;On Strike quot; sign was stuffed in a trash can. Absent from the famed Boardwalk were the conga lines of chanting and singing strikers.
A New Judgment Day For Decalogue Displays (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Sometime in late winter, advocates for and opponents of public displays of the Ten Commandments will argue the issue before the U.S. Supreme Court for the first time in 25 years.
Computer worm  #39;sniffs #39; out passwords The first computer worm to eavesdrop on network traffic after it infects a computer has been discovered by security experts. The SDBot.
Mystics bow meekly out of playoffs Nykesha Sales may have scored a team-high 18 points to lead the Connecticut Sun to a 76-56 victory over the Mystics in Game 3 of last night #39;s WNBA Eastern Conference
Young gun Schwartzel wins the Alfred Dunhill as Els and others &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; South Africa #39;s 20-year-old Charl Schwartzel captured the Alfred Dunhill Championship on Sunday for his first European Tour title, recovering from a poor finish in regulation to win the first playoff hole against England #39;s
MechAssault 2 jacks gold Mech shooter off stomps off to production, and is on schedule for its uncommon December 28 release. Microsoft today announced that MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf has achieved gold status and will be ready to hit Xboxes and light up Xbox Live December 28.
Oracle readies major app server upgrade Oracle plans tomorrow to introduce Oracle Application Server 10g Release 2, a significant upgrade with improvements in Java, Web services and identity management, as well as support for RFID technology.
Oil Up as Ivan Threatens US Facilities World oil prices climbed on Monday as companies operating in the US Gulf of Mexico braced for output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
Savings in bankruptcy at issue at court The US Supreme Court considered yesterday how much retirement savings people can shield when they file for bankruptcy, an important question as more Americans go into debt.
Barnstable nets second straight SHREWSBURY -- Barnstable cruised to its second consecutive MIAA Division 1 state volleyball championship, and its eighth in 10 years, with a 3-0 win over Quincy last night.
How big is  #39;Halo 2 #39;? Xbox game could make \$75 million in 24 hours, give Grand Theft Auto a run for its money. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - How big is  quot;Halo 2 quot;?
Pixar may shift release of films Despite a strong November opening for  quot;The Incredibles, quot; Pixar Animation Studios Inc. is considering shifting its feature film release dates to the spring to maximize box office potential
Microsoft Makes More Open-Source Overtures (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Microsoft is reaching out further to the open-source community with offers of joint development and testing, but some wonder about the company's sincerity.
Steelers' Burress to Miss Game With Jets (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Plaxico Burress was ruled out of Sunday's game against the Jets after missing practice with a sore hamstring Thursday, a day after he felt confident he was close to returning.
High fuel prices to cost airline industry up to \$4 bn this year NEW YORK, September 28 (newratings.com) - The airline industry is expected to lose as much as \$4 billion in 2004 due to the high fuel costs, despite an increase of about 19 in international passenger traffic so far this year.
iPod buzz reaches fever pitch The buzz over Apple Computer #39;s next iPod music player has reached a fevered pitch after one web site posted details and a mock up drawing of the new device, which stores
It #39;s a mad, mad, mad marathon ATHENSBrazilian runner Vanderlei de Lima was 46 seconds ahead of the pack - only five kilometres from Panathinaiko Stadium and in line for a gold medal in the historic Olympic marathon race.
Bush Pledges to Address Weak Dollar, Cites Fed President Bush said on Wednesday a renewed drive to cut US budget deficits should help the weak dollar and that Tuesday #39;s Federal Reserve interest-rate hike showed Alan
Fast-food operator beats target despite rising costs SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Yum Brands came in slightly ahead of Wall Street #39;s third-quarter forecasts with a 13 percent gain in earnings even as commodity prices rose.
Mulholland signed by Twins After the Twins acquired veteran pitcher Terry Mulholland from Seattle for a dollar in April, they certainly got more than their money #39;s worth.
Ground boost for Liverpool Liverpool #39;s plans to build a new 60,000-seater have been approved by Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott. The Premiership club received planning approval in July but needed Prescott to rubber stamp the project
European Group Seeks Ways to Prosecute Cybercrime By ROBERT WIELAARD    STRASBOURG, France (AP) -- Governments and private sector officials from around the world sought ways Thursday to jointly combat cybercrime, whose growth mirrors the phenomenal rise of the Internet's popularity.    At a conference organized by the Council of Europe, delegates from Europe, the United States, Australia and China digested new data pointing to an increasing problem of global proportions: How can national law stop those who commit fraud, spread racism, steal credit card numbers or sell child pornography worldwide, nonstop and just about anonymously?    On top of that, while fraud and copyright infringements remain the lion's share of cybercrime, there is rising concern about terrorists going online to spread more than just propaganda...
Baby Bells See Rivals Taking Fewer Phones  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three of the nation's dominant local  telephone companies said on Thursday that they had seen a sharp  drop-off in new residential lines leased to competitors since  AT T Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=T.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;T.N&lt;/A&gt; announced a retreat from residential service  in July due to changing federal rules.
Agassi Sets Up Federer Showdown at U.S. Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sixth seed Andre Agassi set up a  mouthwatering quarter-final showdown with world number one  Roger Federer following a 6-3, 6-2, 6-2 win over Armenia's  Sargis Sargsian at the U.S. Open Monday.
Novell, Microsoft settle row Novell Inc. of Waltham is getting a half-billion-dollar check from Microsoft Corp. to settle an antitrust case that #39;s never been filed.
Task for Indonesian leader: Fight terror, but not for US While Iraq remains the controversial center of debate about the war against terrorism, Indonesia is quietly emerging under its new leader as a potentially significant counter to Islamic extremism.
Kanaan can clinch IRL title in California race Tony Kanaan can clinch the IRL IndyCar championship this weekend with a fourth-place finish or better in the Toyota Indy 400 at California Speedway.
Microsoft Increases Entertainment Focus (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. unveiled the latest version of its entertainment-focused operating system Tuesday, seeking a broader audience on a wider array of computers and stoked by partnerships offering music, movies and even recorded books.
Google agrees to Chinese censorship SEARCH ENGINE giant Google seems to have agreed to block access to sites that the Chinese authorities think will corrupt their citizens.
Layoffs ahead for meat workers About 800 workers at the Swift  amp; Co. meat packing plant will lose their jobs four days before Christmas. The layoffs will take effect Dec. 20, 11 days before a contract expires
NASA and Russia OK Next Space Station Crew In a separate development, the head of the RKK Energia company, which builds the Soyuz spacecraft, said his company was planning to send a new space shuttle to the space station between 2010 and 2012, depending on funding.
India Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile NEW DELHI Aug. 29, 2004 - India test-launched a surface-to-surface missile capable of carrying nuclear weapons Sunday, a defense ministry spokesman said.
UMC posts 160 surge in earnings TAIPEI United Microelectronics Corp., the world #39;s second-largest supplier of made-to-order semiconductors, said on Wednesday that its third-quarter profit rose 160 percent from a year earlier.
TV stations admonished for broadcasting porn star #39;s allegations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Romania #39;s broadcasting watchdog admonished three television stations Thursday for broadcasting a porn star #39;s claim that she had sex with Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu and that the player had used cocaine in the past.
Gold helmet winners Shawn Brady, QB, Northeastern With four touchdown passes in Northeastern's 34-30 win over No. 14 Villanova, the Huskies' senior quarterback was awarded this week's Division 1-AA Gold Helmet Award. Brady connected on TD strikes of 26, 24, 13, and 9 yards as the Huskies edged the Wildcats. The winningest quarterback in NU history, Brady was 17 of 24 for 299 ...
German leader adopts Russian child MOSCOW -- Thousands of Russian children are adopted by foreigners every year -- but few go to such high-profile homes as the leader of Germany.
Earnhardt Closing in on Busch Suddenly, the 25 points Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost for uttering a vulgarity during a live TV interview are looming very large indeed.
Intel urges others to join PlanetLab Consortium Intel Corporation has touted what it says are significant changes that need to be made to the Internet #39;s architecture to make it safer, more useful, reliable and accessible.
Slovene Center Is Feeling Like a Rookie Again In his fourth N.B.A. season, 7-foot-1 center Primoz Brezec is getting a fresh start and a chance to start in Charlotte.
US should not have hyphenated ties with India, Pakistan : New York, Sep 23 : Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said the US should not have a  quot;hyphenated relationship quot; between India and Pakistan as ties with New Delhi had its own dynamics and ought to develop independent of the geopolitical compulsions that led
Md. Officer's Army Leave A Fraud, Police Say  Officer Andrew Barnett of the Anne Arundel County police allegedly told his superiors last year that his nation needed him -- that his Army reserves unit had been activated and that he was headed to Iraq. With that, police say, Barnett was granted a leave from his job while continuing to collect his salary.
Badgers Take Control Scott Starks returns a fumble by Purdue QB Kyle Orton 40 yards for a touchdown in the closing minutes to lift No. 10 Wisconsin to a 20-17 win over No. 5 Purdue.
Slovenia, Serbia and Abkhazia Hold Elections Sunday Voters in Slovenia, Serbia and Georgia #39;s breakaway republic of Abkhazia cast ballots Sunday in elections for lawmakers and government leaders.
Oakland Raiders Trade Jerry Rice to Seattle Seahawks  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The Oakland Raiders have traded  Jerry Rice to the Seattle Seahawks in a move expected to grant  the most prolific receiver in National Football League history  his wish to get more playing time.
Judge waives arraignment for Heatley ATLANTA - A judge has waived the arraignment for Atlanta Thrashers forward Dany Heatley, who has been charged with vehicular homicide and five other counts in the 2003 wreck that killed a teammate.
Profit Drops at NTT DoCoMo on Service Fees (AP) AP - NTT DoCoMo Inc., Japan's top mobile carrier, reported a 6 percent drop in first fiscal half earnings Friday as it introduced discounts to fight intensifying competition. But it raised its full-year forecast, citing anticipated gains on asset sales.
New Trojan Spams SMS The Delf-HA Trojan horse infects PCs and then contacts a Russian Web site to download instructions for running a spam campaign. The Trojan sends spam SMS by using the  quot;Send a text message quot; facility
Gunmen kill pro-Taliban cleric in Pakistan A leading pro-Taliban Sunni Muslim cleric together with an associate were shot dead in southern Pakistan yesterday, the latest attack in religious violence that has already killed more than 70 people this month.
Buttiglione regrets slur on gays The controversial incoming EU Justice Commissioner apologises for comments he made about gays and women.
Microsoft releases Windows XP Tablet PC Edition 2005 Microsoft Corp. has announced the Windows XP Tablet PC Edition 2005 operating system, the successor to Windows XP Tablet PC Edition introduced in November 2002.
Can Biotech Crops Be Good Neighbors? The spread of pollen or seeds from genetically engineered plants is evolving from an abstract scientific worry into a significant practical problem.
Spain wins Davis Cup, extends US drought Carlos Moya defeated Andy Roddick 6-2, 7-6 (1), 7-6 (5) Sunday in Seville, Spain, to clinch Spain #39;s second Davis Cup title, extending the US team #39;s drought in tennis #39; top team competition.
Saving by Spending: Do UPromise? It's strange but true -- the more you spend, the more you'll save for school.
IBM #39;s new storage systems take on EMC IBM has launched its new data storage systems which it says are aimed at  quot;aggressively competing quot; with rival storage management provider EMC #39;s products.
New PC Fingerprint Passwords (CBS) Instead of using all ten fingers to type in your user names and passwords when you enter a secure web site or log on to your PC, Microsoft wants you to use the tip of just one finger.
Retailers Offer Solid Holiday Outlook (AP) AP - The outlook for the holiday season grew more positive Tuesday after major retailers, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and J.C. Penney Co. Inc., offered bullish comments about consumer spending as they reported solid earnings increases for the third quarter.
Stocks Fall Sharply, Fannie Mae Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were knocked lower on Wednesday  after a U.S. government review questioned home finance company  Fannie Mae's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; accounting methods, while  investment bank  Morgan Stanley &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; reported a drop in quarterly profit.
US soldier gets 25 years for Iraqi #39;s murder A US soldier has been sentenced to 25 years in jail for the murder of an Iraqi National Guard soldier in May, the US military says.
The \$5m royal wedding Three weeks of celebrations, a guest list that included princes and world leaders, and a 21-gun salute. Jonathan Este reports on the marriage of the Crown Prince of Brunei.
Former MedImmune Exec Pleads Guilty A former executive of the biotechnology company MedImmune faces from 15 to 21 months in prison after pleading guilty Friday to security fraud and perjury in US District Court in Washington.
US mobile groups confirm merger Sprint and Nextel agree to merge in a deal which will create the third largest mobile phone operator in the US.
Two Illini Football Players Plead Guilty (AP) AP - Two University of Illinois football players will serve eight-day jail sentences when the season ends after pleading guilty Wednesday to misdemeanor battery charges stemming from a barroom brawl.
Typhoon Songda Hits Japan, South Korea A powerful typhoon is battering parts of Japan and South Korea with heavy rains and high winds, killing at least two people and injuring more than 300.
Blue Chips Drop, Oil Reaches \$49 a Barrel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell  on  Thursday and crude oil prices touched \$49 a barrel as traders  saw a possible oil loan from U.S. government reserves as too  small to make up for supply disruptions caused by Hurricane  Ivan.
World #39;s oldest man dies at 113 NEW YORK -- Fred Hale Sr., the oldest man in the world, according to the Guinness Book of Records, has died less than two weeks shy of his 114th birthday.
Retrial of Cleric Begins in Indonesia  JAKARTA, Indonesia, Oct. 28 -- The Indonesian government on Thursday opened the retrial of a cleric charged with leading an al Qaeda-linked group and inciting its members to carry out terrorist attacks against U.S. interests.
US mortgage applications rise as rates ease NEW YORK, Aug 18 (Reuters) - New applications for US home loans rose last week while refinancings surged, as 30-year mortgage interest rates fell to their lowest level in over four months, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Best Buy to sell AT T's Internet phone service Telephone giant partners with electronics retailer to market voice over Internet Protocol offering.
FTC Acts Against Spyware Distributor The Federal Trade Commission has filed suit against two companies owned by New Hampshire resident Sanford Wallace. The firms allegedly infected users #39; computer with spyware -- and also sold anti-spyware software.
U.S. Elections Under a Microscope As the November presidential election nears, several groups are mobilizing to monitor the voting process -- including a group of observers from across the globe and over a thousand techies who will help evaluate voting machines. By Laila Weir.
Analogic, partner reach agreement L-3 Communications Corp., which sells equipment to detect bombs in airport luggage, settled a lawsuit in which it claimed business partner Analogic Corp. violated a contract by submitting independent proposals to the Transportation Security Administration. Peabody-based Analogic said terms of the settlement were kept confidential and that the agreement didn't entail a payment by either side.  quot;We look forward to ...
Batista #39;s blast not enough Mike Piazza #39;s eighth-inning single off reliever Luis Ayala helped the Mets edge the Expos, 3-2, in front of 3,664 at Olympic Stadium on Wednesday night.
Market likes leaner AT amp;T Investors on Friday cheered a decision by AT amp;T, the largest US provider of long-distance service, to eliminate more than 20 percent of its work force this year and write off \$11.
Africa ; France airlifts evacuees from Ivory Coast Africa News, France on Monday was shutting down one of the largest evacuations in post-independence Africa - a five-day airlift that flew more than five thousand Westerners and others out of Ivory Coast.
How the worm turned on car makers FIVE years ago, Carlos Ghosn, the pioneering chief of Nissan, demanded that the car maker #39;s main steel suppliers either cut their prices or risk losing its business.
Study Finds Patterns in Web Site User Motivations and Questions Web developer David Poteet of New City Media reports on the User Interface 9 Conference.
UN AIDS envoy urges Blair to make G8 do more for Africa (AFP) AFP - The United Nations envoy on AIDS urged Prime Minister Tony Blair to persuade the world's richest countries to provide more funds to step up treatment of the disease in Africa.
Delgado, Wells power Jays over Tampa CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Carlos Delgado and Vernon Wells provided the Toronto Blue Jays with a lethal 1-2 punch Sunday at SkyDome. Carlos Delgado had three hits and Vernon Wells hit a home run, as the Jays beat
UN Members Back Annan with Lengthy Standing Ovation UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan received an unusual standing ovation in the 191-nation General Assembly on Wednesday following calls for his resignation from conservative US lawmakers.
Santana slips, slides out of trouble NEW YORK - The Yankees went to work Tuesday night against the Minnesota Twins wishing they could walk to the mound, pinch Johan Santana on the arm just to see if he #39;s human.
Hu tours Rio hot spots, to meet with ethnic Chinese, on Brazil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO : Chinese President Hu Jintao toured some of Rio de Janeiro #39;s fabled sights Sunday ahead of a meeting with Brazil #39;s Chinese community on a busy Latin American tour.
Bush Win Sends Oil Near \$51 a Barrel Oil prices surged more than \$1 on Wednesday as the re-election of President Bush countered the impact of a big increase in spare oil supplies ahead of winter.
ANALYSIS: Dollar Fall Will Come at a Price for All  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is set to turn a  blind eye to the sliding dollar and a deaf ear to protests  about its fall, but experts smell trouble for all in what looks  like an effective devaluation of the world's reserve currency.
Redskins 17 - Lions 10: Post-Game Quotes The Detroit Lions dropped a second consecutive game on Sunday, falling 17-10 to the Washington Redskins -- and to .500 for the first time this season at 4-4.
DNA fingerprinting no longer foolproof #39; Sep 09 - The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA finger printing.
Profits, revenue climb at Rambus Memory designer Rambus reported a rise in net income to \$10.4 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of \$38.8 million in the third quarter.
CA cutting 5 of workforce SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Computer Associates International Inc. plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, 5 of its workforce, in the hope of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs.
Aragones in trouble over racist remark Madrid: Spain coach Luis Aragones landed himself in trouble on Wednesday after appearing to make a racist comment about French striker Thierry Henry during a training session.
Home Depot settles EEOC lawsuit Company to pay out \$5.5 million The discrimination claim was brought on behalf of Colorado employees. The chain denies misconduct.
Virtual gaming worlds overtake Namibia Inhabitants of virtual worlds are giving the games they play real economic power, a study has found.
News deal paves way for move GLOBAL media giant News Corp succumbed to intense institutional pressure yesterday and agreed to retain its full foreign listing on the Australian Stock Exchange if shareholders approved the company #39;s proposal to shift to the United States.
Industry pioneer says rising hype may hurt growth Inside the Hynes Convention Center, it feels like 1999. About 5,000 engineers and venture capitalists have gathered here to discuss and to celebrate one of the hottest technology markets in the world -- the use of Internet technology to move telephone calls. This week's VON (for ''Voice over the Net quot;) Conference features the same breathless optimism that drove the Internet ...
Croom's Bulldogs Stun Zook's Gators (AP) AP - The latest low point in Ron Zook's tenure at Florida even has the coach wondering what went wrong. Meanwhile, Sylvester Croom's first big win at Mississippi State has given the Bulldogs and their fans a reason to believe in their first-year leader. Jerious Norwood's 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining lifted the Bulldogs to a 38-31 upset of the 20th-ranked Gators on Saturday.
Patrick adds allure to Rahal Letterman, IRL Danica Patrick #39;s dreams of competing in Formula 1 or Champ Cars have been put on hold as the 22-year-old was announced Wednesday as Rahal Letterman Racing #39;s third IRL IndyCar
Packers lose Flanagan for season Green Bay, WI (Sports Network) - The Green Bay Packers will be without the services of Pro Bowl center Mike Flanagan for the remainder of the season, as he will undergo left knee surgery.
Weyerhaeuser 3rd-Quarter Earnings Rise Weyerhaeuser Co. #39;s third-quarter profit rose on higher prices for lumber and a large gain from the sale of timberlands in Georgia, the company said on Friday.
Sharp and Sony Ericsson work together on 3G handsets Sharp and the Japanese division of Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications will jointly develop mobile phone handsets based on the Symbian operating system (for NTT DoCoMo #39;s third-generation (3G) Foma service in Japan and software for Foma phones.
U.S. Stocks Flat, Bonds Fall Ahead of Fed (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks hovered around the\break-even mark, bonds fell and the dollar recovered a bit on\Tuesday just hours before the Federal Reserve was expected to\raise U.S. interest rates for the fifth time this year.
Netflix Sees Green Netflix spins the color wheel for a spell and it's a much brighter color than red.
U.S. Names Cyber Chief, House Eyes More Clout for Job (Reuters) Reuters - The Department of Homeland Security\named an acting U.S. cybersecurity chief on Thursday as\Congress weighed whether to give the position greater clout to\fight hackers, viruses and other online threats.
Aussie newsman held 24-hour hostage in Iraq An Australian journalist was taken hostage in Baghdad for 24 hours last weekend and was released unharmed, according to Foreign Minister Alexander Downer Monday.
Intel Updates Wireless Chips, Software (AP) AP - Intel Corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology Thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference-prone radio standard.
Gunshots fired as Powell visits Haiti palace Gunshots were heard outside Haiti #39;s presidential palace while US Secretary of State Colin Powell visited there Wednesday, a source familiar with the incident said.
Lieber Tucks In Red Sox for the Night Jon Lieber subdued Pedro Martnez and the mighty offense of the Boston Red Sox, leading the Yankees to a 3-1 victory.
Baghdad car bomb kills 15 A suicide bomber detonated a car bomb Saturday at the entrance to Baghdad #39;s heavily fortified Green Zone, killing at least 15 and wounding 30 others.
Royals Erupt for 26 Runs Joe Randa ties a major-league record with six runs scored as the Kansas City Royals break a club record for runs in a 26-5 rout of the Detroit Tigers in the first game of a doubleheader on Thursday.
Department stores are not extinct: Fletcher ALAN KOHLER: We #39;re now halfway through Coles Myer #39;s ambitious five year plan but this week #39;s record profit announcement produced little more than a yawn from the market, grumbling that it has already priced in the good news.
News: Visa scammers hit UK phones Credit card fraudsters are trying to fleece UK punters by tricking them into revealing card security information over the phone.
Jumbo Flying Squid Found Off Alaska (AP) AP - A large Humboldt squid caught offshore from Sitka is among numerous sightings of a species seen for the first time in waters of the Far North, and the first of the species recovered from British Columbia waters.
Cap Gemini Said to Weigh Selling Unit in America Cap Gemini, the Paris-based technology consulting and outsourcing giant, is considering a sale of its struggling business in North America.
Schrager eyes London hotels sale Ian Schrager, known for his luxury boutique hotels, has hung for sale signs over two of his London hotels, the St Martins Lane and the Sanderson.
Reports say Meyer is gone Amid widespread media reports that he has accepted the job as head football coach at the University of Florida, Utah #39;s Urban Meyer was at his home Friday afternoon in Sandy, a suburb of Salt Lake City.
Denver storm covers roads in ice, knocks out power. DENVER - A Halloween storm gave the Denver metro area its first taste of snow for the fall, and dumped even more white gold on top of snow that had already fallen at Colorado #39;s mountain ski resorts.
TCS in IT deal for Ferrari F1 car Mumbi: Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. has tied up with Formula One racing car champion Ferrari to provide information technology and engineering services for the development of the team #39;s racing car for the 2005 season.
Voters May Change Calif., Wash. Primaries (AP) AP - In a testament to the independent streak of Western voters, Washington and California are considering dumping political party primaries.
Group claims execution of Italian hostages in Iraq: website (AFP) AFP - A group calling itself the  quot;Jihad Organization quot; said it had  quot;slaughtered quot; two Italian female hostages in Iraq, in a statement posted on an Islamist website.
Prince Charles visits Petra day after crash The Prince of Wales has travelled to Petra a day after nine British pilgrim tourists were killed in a coach crash near the ancient Jordanian city.
Marlins Homer Way Past Expos The Marlins homered three times in a six-run third inning to lift Florida to a victory over the Montreal Expos at U.S. Cellular Field.
Bloodlines bites Half-Life 2 #39;s release date The second game to use the Source engine will be released on the same day as the first one--November 16. Since last fall, the release date of Half-Life 2 was put on hold because its Source engine had been compromised by hackers.
Huge US bakery files Chapter 11 Bee Staff Writer. Interstate Bakeries Corp., which operates a bakery in Sacramento and recently closed another here, filed Wednesday for bankruptcy reorganization.
Avery Johnson retires as player to focus on coaching (AFP) AFP - - Avery Johnson, signed as a player-coach less than a month ago by the Dallas Mavericks, retired from the players ranks to focus on his duties as an assistant coach to Don Nelson.
In Italy, just about everyone's a doctor  ROME -- Yell for a doctor in an Italian moviehouse and you risk a stampede. Almost everybody here, it seems, is a ''dottore. quot;
Countdown to download chart debut The UK music industry launches its first official download chart on BBC Radio 1 on Wednesday evening.
Making peace with a rival Sun Microsystems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. are poised to flesh out the details of the historic truce they signed earlier this year, ending years of bitter sniping between the two technology giants.
Pulsating red giants hide inside deceptive shells An optical illusion has caused astronomers to overestimate the size of a class of giant stars by a factor of two, according to new observations.
SBC in Deal With Microsoft to Provide TV on High-Speed Lines SBC Communications plans to announce that it will pay \$400 million to Microsoft for software used to deliver TV programming over high-speed data lines.
UPDATE 1-Sri Lanka stutter to win over plucky Zimbabwe Tillakaratne Dilshan steered Sri Lanka to a scratchy four-wicket win over Zimbabwe in their Champions Trophy match at the Oval on Tuesday but the Africans go home with pride restored after a spirited performance.
EDS extends IT automation deal with Opsware for three years Outsourcing vendor Electronic Data Systems has renewed an agreement for IT services from automation and utility software company Opsware that could be worth \$145 million over eight years.
US stocks: Merck helps lift US stocks higher, dollar up New York - US stocks closed higher on Wednesday, as the dollar strengthened and shares of Merck  amp; Co. helped lift the Dow after the drugmaker gave a forecast that was not as weak as some on Wall Street had expected.
Rover data makes return a must Data from Nasa's Mars rover Opportunity shows its landing site is a prime spot for a return mission to look for life.
Take Firm Stand Against Chinese Incursions A nuclear submarine that recently intruded into Japanese waters has been confirmed as belonging to the Chinese Navy. On Friday, the government lodged a strong protest with China over its submarine #39;s incursion
Gas stoppage may have caused deadly Belgian blast: TV report (AFP) AFP - A Belgian gas explosion in which 20 people were killed may have resulted from a combination of a halt in the gas circulation in a pipeline and existing damage to the main, Belgian television said.
Goodyear to post profit Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co. (NYSE: GT) expects its third quarter to go from red to black as it posts record sales in this year #39;s third quarter.
Grand Theft Auto ... Stolen! First it was Halo 2. Now the newest version of Grand Theft Auto has been leaked to the Internet. Rockstar Games #39; latest entry in its highly successful crime/action series, San Andreas, is scheduled for an
Marion Barry Victorious in Comeback Bid (AP) AP - Former Washington Mayor Marion Barry, infamous for being caught smoking crack on an FBI videotape, has made it back to city hall  #151; again.
MLB: NY Mets 9, Atlanta 7 (1st game) Craig Brazell #39;s pinch-hit double sparked a five-run sixth inning Monday as the New York Mets beat Atlanta 9-7 in the first game of a doubleheader.
Blair to meet Allawi for talks at No 10 Prime Minister Tony Blair is due to hold talks with Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi at Downing Street. Their meeting comes after Mr Blair played down claims that he had been warned a year before the war to
Dogs 'sniff out' bladder cancer Dogs can be trained to sniff out bladder cancer, scientists say they have proven for the first time.
Hassan not kidnapped by Iraqi rebels Rebels commanders in the Iraqi city of Falluja said that they are not holding Margaret Hassan, the director of CARE International in Iraq who was kidnapped three days ago, and condemned her kidnapping.
Update 1: Tokyo Stocks Lower; Dollar Up Vs. Yet Tokyo stocks fell Friday morning as investors sold banking issues after Japanese authorities began a criminal investigation into UFJ Holding Inc.
Brazil  quot;important candidate quot; for expanded Security Council: Powell US Secretary of State Colin Powellsaid Tuesday that Brazil will be an  quot;important candidate quot; for new permanent members of the United Nations Security Council should the council be expanded.
Nigeria Troops Leave For Darfur Nigeria sent over 100 troops to Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region on Monday, its contribution to a joint force with Rwanda protecting African Union cease-fire observers.
Wealthy New Lab Aims to Capture Dreams, Literally (Reuters) Reuters - Gerald Rubin is looking for\someone who can take a picture of a thought.
Intel looks to log result boost in 2005 INTEL, the worlds largest company making computer microchips, said it expected a much better performance in the first half of next year.
AT amp;T Offers IM, Email and Text Messaging On The Go At an affordable device price of \$99 (after \$30 mail-in rebate) with unlimited messaging plans starting at only \$17.99 per month, Ogo provides customers with a wireless messaging device priced for the typical consumer.
MLS, Players' Union Reach Tentative Deal (AP) AP - Major League Soccer and its players' union tentatively agreed on a five-year labor contract Thursday, ending nearly 1 1/2 years of negotiations.
Review: Nokia 9300 Communicator Nokia today officially announced the Nokia 9300, a smartphone that had been rumored to exist since CeBIT. The 9300 is part of the same family as its bigger brother, the 9500, and is designed for mobile professionals
Austrians silence jibbering supermarket trolleys &lt;strong&gt;In brief&lt;/strong&gt; A victory for humanity
Briefly: LogicLibrary buys bug catcher roundup Plus: Think local, act Google...SanDisk to supply Samsung with miniSD...Hitachi unleashes 100GB notebook drives.
U.S. Soldier Dies in Truck Crash in Iraq (AP) AP - A U.S. soldier was killed in a truck accident north of the Iraqi capital on Wednesday, a military spokesman said.
GLOBAL INVESTOR LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Surging demand from emerging economies and rising commodity prices worldwide is casting daylight on coal-mining stocks.
Bribes cited in downing of Russian jets MOSCOW -- Two Chechen women suspected of blowing up Russian passenger jets last month were briefly detained by police before the flights but bribed at least one airline employee to get on the planes, media reports said yesterday.
Microsoft loses FAT patent, wins Smart Tag case Microsoft Corp. is fighting a rejection by U.S. patent authorities of a patent for its FAT (file allocation table) file system, the company said Thursday. Meanwhile, it's celebrating a jury decision clearing it of patent infringement charges related to a feature in its Office software.
Dual County League capsules ACTON-BOXBORO Coach: Bill Maver (19th year, 141-50-1). Last year's record: 13-0. Returning starters (8): Bobby Abare, RB/LB, 6-1, 200, Sr.; Larry Abare, RB/S, 6-1, 200, Sr.; Nate Crutchfield, FB/NG, 5-9, 205, Sr.; Ben Larkins, OT, 6-2, 225, Sr.; Pete Rankis, TE, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Andrew Sides, TE/DE, 6-1, 190, Sr.; Joey O'Brien, DE, 5-7, 175, Sr.; Dave Crocker, CB, 5-10, ...
China reports soaring oil imports China's booming economy has fuelled a 40 jump in crude oil imports so far this year, official figures show.
Cisco offerings target small firms Cisco this week will release products it says will help small companies deal with the complexities of LAN switch security, convergence and network management.
US-EU talks on Airbus subsidies fail The EU and US moved closer to an aviation trade war after failing to reach agreement during talks Thursday on subsidies to Airbus Industrie.
Electronics Boutique Quintuples Earnings Video game retailer posts strong results leading into holiday quarter.
Stifling Blues add to United worries Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson flooded the pitch with strikers in a bid to steal a victory that he hoped would prevent Arsenal and Chelsea disappearing over the Premiership horizon.
Colts Take 27-9 Lead Against Detroit Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning (18) calls a play in the huddle during the first quarter against the Chicago Bears Sunday, Nov. 21, 2004, in Chicago.
Souness delighted: Newcastle in fantastic position Newcastle United trounced Sochaux 4-0 to stay on course for the next phase of the UEFA Cup. After weathering an early storm, Newcastle ran riot as Lee Bowyer, Shola Ameobi, Craig Bellamy and Laurent Robert all struck for the Magpies.
Dell Plans North Carolina Plant  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said it  will open a third U.S. manufacturing plant, a plant in North  Carolina employing 1,500 workers, marking a rare example of a  U.S. high-tech company expanding domestic production.
Bush Shrugs Off Bad Polls on Iraq Outlook (AP) AP - President Bush on Thursday shrugged off polls that suggest most Iraqis see Americans as occupiers not liberators. "I saw a poll that said the right track-wrong track in Iraq was better than here in America," he told reporters.
ASEM enlarged to 39 members HANOI : The Asia-Europe Summit Meeting was enlarged on Thursday to include the European Union #39;s 10 new members as well as three Asian nations -- Cambodia, Laos and Myanmar.
Our Man in Pyongyang Sets off on Blast Inspection Britains ambassador to North Korea travelled today to the site of a massive explosion to verify claims by the secretive Marxist nation that it was not a nuclear test.
Holiday shopping season kicks off They lined up in Georgia, braved the cold in Connecticut, and tried to stay awake in Chicago. From coast to coast shoppers rushed to the stores -- and they were enthusiastic in Seattle.
Pakistan Arrests Over a Dozen Suspected Militants Security forces have detained more than a dozen suspected militants, including some linked to al Qaeda, after killing Pakistan #39;s most wanted man in a weekend shootout, intelligence sources said on Tuesday.
Jaguars Surprise Again Fred Taylor ran for a 1-yard touchdown with 9 seconds left Sunday to push the Jaguars past the Titans, 15-12, moving to 3-0 despite scoring just 35 points this season.
Nobel Prize Winners to Be Announced STOCKHOLM, Sweden - The guessing game over who will take home the world's most coveted awards ends this week with the announcement of the 2004 Nobel Prize winners.    The first announcement comes Monday with the physiology or medicine prize, followed by a week of announcements of winners for physics, chemistry, economics, peace and possibly literature...
Opinion: Regarding Stallman #39;s Vision I #39;ve always been mixed about the Open Source movement because while my feelings suggest that this is surely a great innovation in software development scene, there are other (many) things that I don #39;t agree with.
Private Spaceflight Much Closer to Reality By JOHN ANTCZAK     MOJAVE, Calif. (AP) -- Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by a private rocket plane's dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take-all race into an annual competition that might further fuel imaginations...
Update 11: Crude Oil Prices Climb Above \$48 a Barrel Crude futures climbed above \$48 a barrel Thursday as market fears of sabotage against the Iraqi oil infrastructure outweighed assurances from Baghdad that exports would increase in coming days.
AOL Reportedly Cutting Jobs Time Warner #39;s (TWX:NYSE - news - research) America Online division reportedly plans to cut 700 jobs next month in a concession to declining subscription rates at its flagship Internet unit.
Manning in line for clutch of honours PEYTON MANNING, the Indianapolis Colts quarterback, is poised to equal or overhaul the NFL record of 48 touchdown passes in a season this weekend, and there is no bigger admirer of his talents
Sudan Delays Expulsion of British Aid Agency Heads  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan decided to postpone a decision  to expel the country heads of two British aid agencies on  Monday, citing administrative difficulties and humanitarian  grounds, the state minister for humanitarian affairs said.
Cal coming up Roses Texas came up just short and California appears headed to the Rose Bowl, or maybe better, as the Bowl Championship Series #39; second-to-last rankings showed little movement at the top.
Senate Bill Proposes  Anti-Terror Database Counterterrorism authorities would be granted unprecedented access to law enforcement and commercial databases containing billions of records about private citizens under a bipartisan bill to restructure the intelligence system that the Senate began debating yesterday.
IM upstarts vie for interoperability Although Microsoft and IBM offer IM products for the enterprise, smaller challengers are staking out valuable territory with a commitment to interoperability. This week both Antepo and Jabber will unveil new IM offerings that bolster standards support and security.
AG probes state health insurers The Massachusetts attorney general's office is investigating the state's health insurance industry over lucrative commissions offered brokers who are supposed to bring employers the best insurance deals.
Purported al-Zarqawi tape boasts of humiliating U.S.-led forces in Iraq (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - An audiotape purportedly from key terror suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi boasts in an apparently recent recording that Islamic holy warriors have humiliated the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq.
India ; No division of Kashmir on basis of religion: Manmohan He was reacting to a question on Musharraf #39;s proposal to divide Jammu and Kashmir into seven zones and demilitarize them to be administered by India, Pakistan or the UN.
Southwest to cut 88 flights in October Newspaper says largest US discount carrier could boost annual revenue by \$60 million as a result. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Southwest Airlines Inc.
Vazquez Is an Ace Buried In a Hole Javier Vazquez walked behind the mound during a miserable fifth inning Saturday night, a sign that he knew what was coming. Manager Joe Torre was a few seconds from taking the
Altec Lansing MX5020 Speakers Altec Lansing has been around since before the dawn of stereo. Altec Lansing was formed in 1941 when Altec purchased the Lansing Manufacturing Company.
Players, Owners Reject Plans to End NHL Lockout Hopes of saving the National Hockey League season all but vanished Tuesday when players and team owners rejected proposals to end the labor dispute.
Two sides to Patriots' success story Just a few seconds after Richard Seymour raced 68 yards for a fourth-quarter touchdown with a Drew Bledsoe fumble in Sunday's 31-17 Patriots victory over the Buffalo Bills, the camera panned the sideline at Ralph Wilson Stadium to capture a telling scene.
Big Explosion Reported in N.Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked an area in North  Korea near the border with China three days ago and the  accident appears to be much worse than a train blast that  killed at least 170 people in April, Yonhap news agency  reported on Sunday.
Phishing Scams Continue to Grow After a drop off earlier this fall, more fraudulent Web sites are popping up.
Firings aren #39;t in cards just yet Dolphins owner H. Wayne Huizenga said Wednesday that the franchise is  quot;working on a plan quot; for improving the NFL #39;s only winless team, but firing coach Dave Wannstedt or General Manager Rick Spielman
IBM, Cisco forge enterprise security tie OCTOBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - IBM and Cisco Systems Inc. unveiled product updates that will tie technology from the two companies more closely together in an effort to secure customer networks from worms and viruses.
NCAA Game Summary - Arizona State At California Berkeley, CA -- JJ Arrington ran for 188 yards and a touchdown on 30 carries to lead seventh-ranked California over 20th-ranked Arizona State, 27-0, at Memorial Stadium.
Four Heavyweight Champs Is the Same as None OVER the last four decades, even the casual sports fan could usually name the accepted world heavyweight champion, beginning with boxing #39;s golden era of Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier and George
Does new Peoplesoft CEO signal a buyout? The ouster of Craig Conway and the return of Dave Duffield could be a prelude to PeopleSoft accepting Oracle's offer.
RNC Protesters Using Text Messages to Plan For protesters navigating Manhattan during the Republican National Convention, text-message broadcasting services like this, sent to their cell phones, provided an up-to-the-minute guide to the action on the streets.
BC lumber lobby says WTO ruling on Byrd Amendment helps softwood &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER (CP) - A World Trade Organization ruling gives Canada needed clout to recover more than \$3 billion in duties destined for US lumber producers, a Canadian lumber lobby says.
New Crop of Portable Players Nips at IPod (AP) AP - Lauren, 11, saunters nonchalantly past a Discovery Channel store and a Gymboree clothing store at the mall. Then suddenly, the girl's eyes light up and she pulls her mother into an Apple Computer Inc. retail shop.
Let #39;s talk to Assad Ariel Sharon should meet with Bashar Assad. Although Syria has not expelled the terror groups from Damascus, how could Assad be worse than Mahmoud Abbas, with whom Sharon is willing to meet, as Newsweek reported this week?
Orange Launches Talk Now Orange announced the commercial availability of Talk Now, Europes first advanced Push-To-Talk service. Over the last nine months, Orange has engaged in customer trials across Europe to develop and refine
IBM grabs content management company IBM plans to acquire content-management software maker Venetica, the 18th acquisition that Big Blue #39;s Software Group has made since 2001.
Stonehill has grand opening Stonehill rolled up 349 yards of total offense in a 23-6 Northeast-10 Conference victory over Assumption yesterday in Easton, snapping a seven-game winless streak dating to last season and winning its first season opener in seven years.
Rumblings far beneath Earths crust may predict quakes Deep rumblings many kilometers (miles) below the San Andreas fault in California could offer a way to predict earthquakes, according to US scientists.
UPDATE 1-Pakistan win toss and field against Kenya Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq won the toss and chose to field in the rescheduled Champions Trophy Pool C match against Kenya at Edgbaston, Birmingham, on Wednesday after rain prevented play on Tuesday.
Man Sentenced to Life for N.Irish Finucane Murder  BELFAST (Reuters) - A former Protestant guerrilla was  sentenced to life imprisonment on Thursday for the murder of  Catholic lawyer Pat Finucane, one of the most controversial  killings in 30 years of sectarian conflict in Northern Ireland.
Intel Sets Cruise Control on Pentium 4 Chipmaker to focus on technology and features instead of megahertz.
Job Picture Brightens with August Hiring  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. job market brightened in  August as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and  hiring totals for the two prior months were revised up, the  Labor Department reported on Friday.
Al-Qaeda suspect detained in Germany German authorities on Friday detained a Syrian-born German businessman who is wanted by Spain for allegedly supporting the al-Qaeda terrorist network.
We #39;re good for policyholders, says Osmond Hugh Osmond, the pubs-to-pizzas entrepreneur leading the , yesterday outlined a vision of delivering much better investment returns to policyholders stranded in closed with-profit funds.
Marines Aided by Robotic Airplane in Iraq (AP) AP - A robotic airplane called ScanEagle has done more than 1,000 hours of intelligence and reconnaissance work for the Marines in Iraq, its developers said.
Coulthard tries to sell himself to Williams With a faint air of desperation, David Coulthard has told Williams that he is the best man to be Mark Webbers team-mate in 2005.
SpaceShipOne Guru: NASA Needs a Visionary HUNTSVILLE, Ala. - Burt Rutan, an aviator whose SpaceShipOne won the \$10 million Ansari X-Prize for making three suborbital space flights, said NASA needs another Wernher von Braun - and chided the space agency
Indonesian Editor Jailed Following Libel Conviction A court in Indonesia has sentenced the editor of a leading media group to a year in prison for libeling a controversial businessman.
A Catalogue of Genocide The lives of thousands of Holocaust victims are coming to light in a new database that allows anyone with an Internet connection to research the fate of family members and friends sent to Nazi death camps.
Pakistan might import Indian diesel NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan agreed on Monday to step up cooperation in the energy sector, which could lead to Pakistan importing large amounts of diesel fuel from its neighbour, according to Pakistani Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri.
Barghouthi to Run for Palestinian President-Official  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jailed Palestinian leader Marwan  Barghouthi decided on Wednesday to run for Palestinian  president, reversing his earlier decision to stay out of the  race, a Palestinian official said.
Lawmakers Back Compromise on Intel Bill (AP) AP - Two powerful congressional chairmen, one who had opposed legislation to revamp the nation's intelligence agencies, endorsed a compromise Monday and moved a bill endorsed by President Bush closer to approval.
Pakistan military says 150 al Qaeda militants killed since last &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Pakistan #39;s military says it has killed some 150 foreign fighters during its 11-month battle against militants in the country #39;s tribal belt.
Kodak, Sun settle Java dispute MANHASSET, NY - Sun Microsystems has reached an out-of-court settlement with Eastman Kodak Co. in a two-year patent dispute over its Java programming language, agreeing to pay the imaging products company
Activist Charged With Blackmailing Yankee (AP) AP - A federal judge refused to dismiss charges Thursday against a self-styled community activist accused of attempting to blackmail New York Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield and his wife with a purported sex videotape, and ordered him held in jail.
DataPlay Discs Stage a Comeback Optical storage format had been highly anticipated in 2001, but never made it to market.
Italy Prepares to Return Prized Ethiopian Obelisk  ROME (Reuters) - Italy finally looks set to heal a feud  with Ethiopia by returning one of its most cherished relics,  the obelisk of Axum, taken by fascist invaders almost 70 years  ago.
Nuggets Sign White Despite Gun Charge (AP) AP - The Denver Nuggets signed free agent forward Rodney White to a 2-year deal Tuesday, a day after a judge allowed him to leave Washington D.C. for the first time since his arrest last month on a gun charge.
U2 iPods now in Malaysia KUALA LUMPUR: If youre still undecided on that long-contemplated iPod purchase, Apple Malaysia is hoping that its latest iterations - the iPod Photo and iPod U2 Special Edition -ill help you make up your mind.
Citrus production down, but stockpiles will pick up slack Florida growers will pick far fewer oranges and grapefruits this season than last after hurricanes devastated crops in the state, where most US citrus is grown, the government said Tuesday.
US Airways Chairman: Liquidation Possible (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways Group Inc.'s (UAIR.O)\chairman said employees must agree to  #36;800 million in new wage\and benefit cuts within 30 days or the airline might be\liquidated, the New York Times said on Thursday, citing an\interview with Chairman David Bronner.
Moya Lifts Spain to Deliver His Davis Cup Dream It was not quite what Carlos Moya missed the first time. The setting was not his country #39;s tennis capital and his former home, Barcelona, but the capital of the Spanish region Andalusia.
Top jockey Kieren Fallon arrested Champion jockey Kieren Fallon is among 16 people arrested in an investigation into corruption within horse racing, sources said. Two other jockeys and a trainer were also held in the probe into alleged race fixing.
We Test Drive Sony's PSP The portable gaming device is finally available, and looks to be worth the wait.
What future for the Palestinians? The death of their symbol could force the Palestinians to choose between negotiating for the best deal they can get or continue fighting for a dream.
Slovenia stun Italy as Cesar cuts down Lippi Slovenia pulled off a famous result yesterday, defeating Italy to go top of Group Five. A solitary goal by Bostjan Cesar after 82 minutes gave the hosts victory in Celje to inflict a first World Cup qualifying group defeat on Marcello Lippi #39;s side.
Musharraf terms talks with Singh gain for peace AMSTERDAM: President General Pervez Musharraf has described the progress made during his talks with the Indian Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh in New York as a gain for peace.
Britons die in Zambia plane crash Two British tourists are among the six victims of a plane crash in Zambia, the Foreign Office has said. The plane, a South African-registered light aircraft, developed engine problems soon after take-off.
Douglas, Sun take a share of first Katie Douglas scored 16 of her 21 points in the second half, and Lindsay Whalen scored 5 points in the last two minutes, leading the Sun to a 71-64 win over the Seattle Storm yesterday in Uncasville, Conn.
A nice addition was subtracted He didn't play. That, in and of itself, is hoop Halley's Comet. For all the trees that have been felled over the years chronicling anything and everything about Gary Payton, there's been one indisputable fact: He doesn't miss games. He can be everything from abrasive to solicitous, but he is unfailingly durable. If this were baseball, Doc Rivers wouldn't have ...
U.S. Troops Reinforce After Falluja Air Strike  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. troops cut roads and reinforced  positions around Falluja Tuesday after an air strike aimed at  Arab militants said to roam the rebel-held city.
A look at top games and assorted other notes in Week 14: No. 10 Virginia Tech (9-2) at No. 9 Miami (8-2): 1 pm today. TV: WTAE. ... Virginia Tech wins the ACC outright and the automatic BCS bid with a win.
Oracle hopes for fast turnaround on tender results Firm says preliminary results for tender offer for PeopleSoft shares could be available just after midnight Friday night.
Seahawks second-guessed on win that got away By Ted S. Warren, AP. To borrow a lyric from Alicia Keys, it doesn #39;t make sense but it sure makes for a great song. Or story. The Seattle Seahawks #39; mystifying collapse against the St.
Italy #39;s General Strike Underway Much of Italy has been shut down Tuesday by a general strike called by unions to protest Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s economic policy.
August Mid-Atlantic Factory Output Slows (Reuters) Reuters - Output at U.S. Mid-Atlantic factories\slowed in August as new orders dropped sharply, suggesting\recent weakness in the economy is likely to persist into coming\months.
Price for North Sea crude hits new high on Tuesday The price for North Sea oil of Brent quality was Monday sold for US\$ 50 a barrel for the first time ever, and on Tuesday it peaked at US\$ 51.
Zarqawi group claims Allawi kidnappings A militant group led by Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi claimed responsibility Monday for kidnapping and then releasing three family members of Iraq #39;s interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi.
BellSouth: \$3.3 Bln Rise in Benefit Costs WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. (BLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday its new labor contract had triggered a \$3.3 billion increase in its estimates of future retiree medical costs, reducing fourth-quarter earnings by 3 cents to 4 ...
ACC: Title in reach of Hokies Bryan Randall is wrapping up his career at Virginia Tech in style, and with the biggest stakes in front of him. Randall threw two second-half touchdowns and the Hokies
US Barrage Hits Iraq's Falluja Before Offensive  NEAR FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. planes and artillery  fiercely bombarded Falluja and troops probed rebel defenses on  Monday in a prelude to a full-scale ground offensive on Iraq's  toughest insurgent bastion.
NBA Officials Halt Pistons-Pacers Game Following Brawl NBA officials stopped a game between the Indiana Pacers and the Detroit Pistons with about 45 seconds left to play late Friday after a brawl broke out between players and fans in Detroit.
Boeing ex-officer pleads guilty in Air Force hiring case: World News: Washington, Nov 17 : A Former Boeing Chief Financial Officer (CFO) has pleaded guilty to illegally negotiating an executive job for an Air Force #39;s acquistion official while she still had authority over billions of dollars in Boeing contract
US bank profits may rise despite languid quarter Most large US banks appear poised to post higher third-quarter profits, but may struggle to post big gains as sluggish commercial lending and weak stock trading
Dollar Stalls Ahead of Employment Figures (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar was stuck in familiar ranges\on Wednesday as the market awaited U.S. employment figures,\while the yen came under pressure from another round of soaring\oil prices.
Where's the WiFi? Park's developer wants to know Ten years ago, Boston real estate developer Norman B. Leventhal spearheaded the transformation of a grungy Financial District garage into a park that's become a downtown oasis.
Baxter puts flu vaccine tests on hold DEERFIELD, Ill. - Medical products maker Baxter International Inc. said Thursday it suspended flu vaccine testing being conducted in Europe after more participants than expected came down with mild fevers.
TELECOM 04: Verizon and Comcast Call for New Rules Big rewards should come from big investments, said Ivan Seidenberg, Verizon #39;s CEO, in a keynote speech at TELECOM 04 in Las Vegas.
Delta Reports That Its Cash Is Dwindling Rapidly Delta Air Lines, which is struggling to avoid a bankruptcy filing, said yesterday that it expected to lose as much as \$675 million for the third quarter and that it was using cash at a steep rate.
Small  #39;scope spots big planet A new extra-solar planet has been identified orbiting a star 500 light years from our solar system. The discovery was made by a team using a four-inch diameter telescope to make their observations - a size
CORRECTED - UPDATE 2-Krispy Kreme lawyers found no purposeful &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In CHICAGO story headlined  quot;UPDATE 2-Krispy Kreme lawyers found no purposeful misconduct, quot; please read in paragraph 9 ... a former operating manager of a Northern California franchise ... instead of ... a
Tsunami Aid Faces Destruction and Possibly Pirates  BANGKOK, Thailand (Reuters) - The massive Asian tsunami  relief operation faces absolute chaos and "a wall of  devastation" in Indonesia as well as the threat of pirates  plundering aid, relief groups struggling to help thousands in  camps said on Monday.
SABMiller acquires Lion Nathan Chinese business SABMiller is upping its interests in China with a \$154 million deal to acquire three breweries from Australian rival Lion Nathan. Through its joint venture China Resources Breweries, the global beer company
Much has changed since Bucs and Raiders last met Everyone in Seattle knows about the many story lines surrounding any game between the Seahawks and Green Bay Packers. But with those teams not scheduled to play this season, the big reunion
Militants Fire Rocket at Israeli Town Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fired a home-made rocket at a house in an Israeli town today, Israeli rescue services said, but no serious injuries were reported.
Update 8: Justice Dept. Cracks Down Internet Crime The Justice Department on Wednesday shut down a network allegedly used to illegally share copyrighted music, movies, software and games and, separately, has embarked a nationwide campaign against purveyors of e-mail  quot;spam.
More history for the Patriots; Win streak at 20 The New England Patriots extended their remarkable winning streak to 20 games on Sunday and tied another NFL record in the process in their 30-20 win over the Seattle Seahawks at Gillette Stadium.
Romario scores twice in  quot;Grand Farewell quot; friendly Romario scored twice as Brazil beat Mexico 2-1 in Los Angeles on Wednesday in a match tagged as the  quot;Grand Farewell quot; to the famed Brazilian striker.
Airfares to rise as cost of fuel reaches record Air passengers are set to pay for record oil prices as airlines move to increase ticket prices. Qantas said yesterday it would increase the fuel surcharge it includes in the cost of tickets and Air New Zealand is expected to follow.
Sleepless sheep can count on familiar faces The way to soothe an anxious sheep is to show it a picture of another sheep. British scientists believe that - like humans - sheep need to see a familiar face when they are alone.
ING to Withdraw \$5 Bln from Janus Funds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ING U.S. Financial Services said late  on Tuesday it will withdraw about \$5 billion from Janus Capital  Group Inc. funds by year-end.
Haitians go to church after Jeanne passes Surrounded by the devastation of a storm that killed hundreds of their countrymen, Haitians took time to groom themselves for church Sunday, braiding little girls #39; hair and polishing shoes.
Top Cards Underachieving The powerful St. Louis trio of Albert Pujols, Scott Rolen and Jim Edmonds is 4 for 23 with one RBI in the series and with runners on base, they are 1 for 13.
Princess Alice, the oldest royal of all, dies at 102 PRINCESS Alice, the Queens aunt who once described herself as a pre-beatnik, has died at the age of 102. She was the oldest member of the British royal family in history.
Macromedia Targets eBay Users (Article Central) Macromedia announced on Monday that it is offering a customized version of Macromedia Contribute 3 that simplifies online store creation and customization for eBay sellers.
In weak job market, suits make comeback NEW YORK -- The suit is back, and America's boardrooms and bars are looking smart again.
Google prepares to wrap up share auction (AFP) AFP - Google Inc prepared to wrap up an extraordinary share auction, meaning a final price in the multi-billion-dollar listing will be announced within days.
SC declines consent for Taj Mahotsav A grand festival marking 350th year of Taj Mahal, beginning on Monday, ran into rough weather as the Supreme Court said that it cannot permit the UP Government to go ahead with the celebrations near the World Heritage Monument.
Iraqis Consider Extending Election Amid Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq may modify plans for its first\free election to give people more time to vote next month,\officials said Wednesday as suicide bombers and gunmen again\struck Sunni Muslim towns north and west of the capital.
Census: Poverty up in 2003 WASHINGTON -- The number of Americans in poverty and those without health insurance each rose by more than 1 million in 2003, the Census Bureau reported Thursday.
HDTV 'Starter' Kit for PC Comes with Some Kinks (Reuters) Reuters - High-definition television can\show the sweat beading on an athlete's brow, but the cost of\all the necessary electronic equipment can get a shopper's own\pulse racing.
Sony-BMG, Grokster deal p2pnet.net News:- News of Mashboxx, a major deal involving Grokster, former Grokster and Blubster ceo Wayne Rosso, Sony-BMG and Shawn Fanning #39;s Snocap, is now doing the rounds.
Hewitt beats Muller to take 3rd title of season WASHINGTON: Australias Lleyton Hewitt further fine-tuned his game ahead of the US Open with a convincing 6-3, 6-4 win on Sunday over Gilles Muller to capture the \$500,000 Legg Mason Classic.
Novell chooses streamlined Linux desktop When Novell #39;s Linux desktop arrives at the end of this year it will be stripped down to avoid integration problems and to keep it simple for users.
Bonds takes a steroid test Barry Bonds hopes his random steroid test last week will remove suspicion that he uses performance-enhancing drugs.
EU Calls for Official to Clarify Position European Union officials on Friday called on the United States to clarify its position on a possible court challenge at the World Trade Organization over alleged unfair subsidies given to European aircraft maker Airbus.
Hollinger International to refile  #39;looting #39; case against ex-CEO CHICAGO - Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. said Thursday it intends to refile the bulk of its dismissed case against ousted CEO Conrad Black and associates, intent on winning back hundreds
Defense Lawyers Say Rapport with Milosevic Ruined  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The lawyers appointed to defend  Slobodan Milosevic in his war crimes trial renewed their plea  on Tuesday to be allowed to withdraw from the case, saying  their relationship with the defendant had been irreparably  damaged.
An Educated Cat? This one supposedly earned an MBA--and a lawsuit for the online university that issued the degree. Dallas-based online university Trinity Southern faces a lawsuit for consumer fraud filed by the Pennsylvania Attorney General #39;s Office.
Failed European first Mars probe, Beagle 2, still a mystery Scientists are no closer to discovering what happened to the ill-fated space probe Beagle 2, which vanished while attempting to land on Mars, according to an investigation released Tuesday.
No keeping low profile SALT LAKE CITY -- The University of Utah football team still must wait another few weeks, but the time will be marked by anticipation rather than apprehension.
BSkyB sees profits rise after strong subscriber growth LONDON : British satellite broadcaster BSkyB said profit rose by 16 percent in the first quarter as the group enjoyed strong subscriber growth in the run-up to the key Christmas trading period.
Stormy Uranus takes astronomers by surprise Uranus may not be the most boring planet in the solar system after all - new images suggest the outer planet experiences weird seasonal weather patterns.
Libraries in a Net future The news that Google will digitize more than 15 million books and make them available online didnt dominate headlines all week, but it would have if editors had a longer view for historical impact.
His little pain means big gain He's not among the team leaders in points or minutes, two areas that Raef LaFrentz could well improve on as the NBA season moves along. But here's where he is undeniably at the top of the list for the Celtics: relief. He's playing, he's playing reasonably well ( quot;hot and cold, quot; according to coach Doc Rivers), and he's playing ...
James Hardie Earnings to Miss Estimates on Boycott (Update2) James Hardie Industries NV, Australia #39;s fourth-biggest building materials maker, said full-year profit will miss analysts #39; estimates because of boycotts by unions protesting the handling of asbestos compensation.
HEIDRICK TO HELP PICK NEXT EISNER October 26, 2004 -- Walt Disney Co. said its board chose executive search firm Heidrick  amp; Struggles to help it find a new chief executive officer when Disney CEO Michael Eisner steps down.
Roechling Sells Its Stake in Rheinmetall Roechling Industrie Verwaltung GmbH said Monday it has sold its majority stake in German defense and industrial group Rheinmetall AG for an undisclosed sum.
Report: IBM Selling Its PC Business (PC World) PC World - China's largest maker of PCs is one of the potential buyers, newspaper says.
Tornado kills four, injures hundreds in central Bangladesh (AFP) AFP - Four people died and hundreds were injured when a tornado bore down on a field where a large number of Muslim devotees had gathered to pray in central Bangladesh, police said.
Jeffries Ready to Shine Forward Jared Jeffries has turned heads with his remarkable shot-blocking and leaping ability early in training camp. The third-year player is hoping for a breakout season.
Oracle user group to welcome PeopleSoft users OAUG (Oracle Applications Users Group) president Patricia Dues said today that the organization is in the midst of plans to support PeopleSoft users and the PeopleSoft user group.
Which UNC team will show up against 18th-ranked Tech? North Carolina has had some interesting results in what has been a very interesting season thus far for the Tar Heels. Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer says only one of those results merits
Update 1: PepsiCo to Close Four Frito-Lay Plants PepsiCo Inc. will close four Frito-Lay factories by the end of the year, as it moves to streamline production, the company said Thursday.
European, Iranian Officials to Discuss Nuclear Issue Diplomats from France, Britain and Germany are expected to meet with Iranian officials Thursday in Vienna to offer Tehran incentives to end its uranium enrichment efforts.
China calls for Europe to lift arms embargo German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder stretches his hand to shake hands with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao after a joint press conference in Beijing.
Cisco to acquire network monitoring provider NetSolve Cisco Systems Inc. channel partners will be able to offer real-time monitoring of enterprises #39; networks after the company agreed to acquire NetSolve Inc.
UPDATE 2-MBIA 3rd-qtr earnings fall 2.3 pct, stock off MBIA Inc. (MBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a leading US bond insurer, on Tuesday reported a 2.3 percent drop in third-quarter earnings as investor demand
8-year jail term sought for Italys PM An Italian prosecutor is asking a court to sentence Silvio Berlusconi to eight years in jail for bribing judges. This, as the prime minister #39;s four-year corruption trial reaches its climax, reported CCTV Saturday.
Apple testing guru banned from... testing TO ANYONE working in the technology press, the reluctance of Apple to send out review machines to magazines or websites is notorious.
Fears growing for big drops in house prices Further evidence that the housing market has run out of steam emerged yesterday as the Nationwide reported the first fall in prices for three years.
Re-Fighting Vietnam The most contentious issue of the upcoming presidential election so far is history. Whoever expected that wed be re-fighting thirty and forty year old arguments about the Vietnam War?
UN council unites on terror UN Security Council members have unanimously backed a Russian-sponsored resolution to intensify the international battle against terrorism.
Billy Joel Gets a Star in Hollywood LOS ANGELES - Billy Joel wrote the song, "Say Goodbye to Hollywood." On Monday, he joked he'd never leave. "It looks like I'm always going be here," Joel said after his sidewalk star was unveiled on the Hollywood Walk of Fame...
Annus to Fight All His Life to Keep Gold Medal  BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Disgraced Hungarian hammer thrower  Adrian Annus treasures the Olympic gold medal he won in Athens  so much that he is ready to spend the rest of his life fighting  to clear his name.
A Year After Capture, Saddam #39;s Trial Date Uncertain BAGHDAD, Iraq -- A year ago Monday, Saddam Hussein was pulled out of a spider hole in Iraq and hustled off to a secret location. Since then, the former Iraqi leader has undergone a hernia operation, taken
Eisner, Disney To Part Ways in 2006 Michael Eisner and Frank Wells transformed Disney by revitalizing its dormant animation efforts, expanding the theme parks and, most dramatically, by purchasing Capital Cities/ABC in 1995, thus
Jazz retiring Stockton #39;s number John Stockton #39;s No. 12 will be retired by the Utah Jazz in November, honoring a point guard who spent his entire 19-year career with the team.
Stocks Fall After Greenspan Testimony NEW YORK - Investors were unmoved by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's improved assessment of the economy, with stocks falling modestly Wednesday in light trading.    While Greenspan said the economy has "regained some traction" after the summer's slowdown, he echoed Wall Street's concerns over energy prices, which have fallen from record highs in recent weeks but stubbornly remain above \$40 per barrel...
60 Minutes Report on Bush's Guard Service Referenced Falsified Memos? A tempest is crawling across the blogosphere, and it isn't named Ivan. At the eye of the storm is CBS, and a 60 minutes report allegedly raising "New Questions On Bush Guard Duty". But were the memos at the heart of this story authentic?
Can global economy recover in  #39;05? For quite sometime now, global economy has been under a lot of pressure. The war in Iraq, the US current account deficit and resulting falling dollar, oil deficit have all contributed to a slowdown in the global economy.
Turner in Deal with Akimbo for Video-On-Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Akimbo, a provider of video on demand\services via the Internet, on Monday said Turner Broadcasting\System Inc. agreed to provide Akimbo subscribers with\programming from networks such as CNN and Cartoon Network.
New Round of Darfur Peace Talks Stall (AP) AP - A new round of peace talks on the crisis in Sudan's Darfur region stalled Tuesday when rebels refused face-to-face talks with the government until African Union mediators meet separately with both sides to draft an agenda.
Pope Condemns Human Cloning and Arrogance of Man Pope John Paul on Sunday condemned human cloning as an arrogant attempt to improve on God #39;s creation.  quot;The sense of power that every technical progress inspires in man is
UK Keeps Terror Suspects in Jail, Despite Judgement  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's top court delivered a severe  jolt to Prime Minister Tony Blair's post-Sept. 11 security  policies on Thursday by ruling against the detention of nine  foreign terrorism suspects without trial.
#39;Longhorn #39; Delay Is Linux Gain When Microsoft Corp. announced last week it was scaling back the feature set for the next version of Windows, code-named Longhorn, it may have inadvertently given competitors the opening they #39;d been looking for.
Nordic Nations Prevail in Surveys of World #39;s Hot Economies Forget the stereotypes about Scandinavian socialism and how its high taxes and expensive public health care system are destroying private enterprise.
Oracle #39;s Wish Comes True Oracle is one step closer to taking over rival PeopleSoft now that a federal judge has ruled against the federal government #39;s effort to thwart the \$7.
Gymnastics: Russia Chief Blasts 'Judging Mafia'  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's gymnastics chief Leonid Arkayev  has added his voice to a chorus of public opinion calling for  major reforms in his sport, saying Olympic gymnasts are  powerless against what he called "judging mafia."
French Police Detain Five in 9/11 Probe  PARIS (Reuters) - Police have detained five suspected  Islamic militants as part of a French inquiry into the Sept. 11  attacks, French judicial sources said on Wednesday.
Holmes runs on despite mixed feelings over future Kelly Holmes has admitted to mixed feelings about her future as it dawns on her that she will never be able to top winning two Olympic gold medals.
Cowboys Name Romo No. 2 QB, Woodson Out (AP) AP - With the preseason finished and a few days left until the roster must be cut to 53 players, Dallas Cowboys coach Bill Parcells revealed several decisions Friday:
TiVo, Netflix sign movies-on-demand deal And Mike Ramsay, TiVo's CEO, resigns from his board position at Netflix to avoid conflicts of interest.
Twins put up nine-spot in sixth Because their delayed flight home from Detroit didn #39;t land until 4 am CT on Tuesday, the bleary-eyed Twins were admittedly dragging entering their series opener with the White Sox.
Judge Strikes Down Campaign Finance Rules WASHINGTON Sept. 20, 2004 - A judge has struck down several government rules on campaign fund raising, ordering tougher restrictions on big political money in the long term while creating uncertainty about
U.N. Urges Temporary Bottom-Trawling Ban (AP) AP - The U.N. General Assembly urged nations Wednesday to consider temporary bans on high seas bottom trawling, disappointing scientists and some countries seeking an immediate halt to the destructive fishing practice.
Blind man 'sees' emotions Scientists at Bangor University believe a blind man possesses a "sixth sense" that allows him to recognise sad faces.
Magical McGrath has India seeking a miracle The 10-day Hindu festival of Dussehra is being celebrated in these parts. It is associated with the vanquishing of demons, though whether these will include Glenn McGrath and Shane Warne today is doubtful.
Yen Gains Reprieve as Oil Backs Off Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen won respite from its recent  beating on Thursday as oil prices eased off record highs and  investors awaited data from the United States and Japan for  clues on the health of the global economy.
Palmer Leads Bengals Past Colts 16-13 (AP) AP - Carson Palmer made a rookie mistake: He pointed to the sky too soon. Other than a premature touchdown celebration on a goal-line fumble, Palmer looked like an up-and-coming quarterback Friday night during the Cincinnati Bengals' 16-13 victory over the Indianapolis Colts.
Kenya author returns to testify Ngugi wa Thiong'o, goes back to Kenya to give evidence against four men accused of attacking him and his wife.
Fallujah talks break down Negotiations between the interim Iraqi government and insurgent leaders who control Fallujah city have broken down, Iraqi officials said Friday, as US Marines
Captives Escape After Hours of Pitched Battles More than 700 hostages were rushed to hospitals, but many bodies lay in the charred wreckage of the school's gymnasium.
Pfizer, AstraZeneca Pummel Drug Stocks Another shock hit the drug sector Friday when pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. announced that it found an increased heart risk to patients for its blockbuster arthritis drug Celebrex.
Indo-Pak talks: Do they offer any hope? India and Pakistani Foreign Ministers met in New Delhi for two days on September 5-6 to resolve outstanding bilateral disputes including the Kashmir dispute.
Computer, TV Merger Begins SBC said it signed a 10-year, \$400 million agreement with Microsoft to provide next-generation television services using Microsoft #39;s TV internet protocol television edition software platform.
Exposing Execs #39;  quot;Stealth quot; Compensation The use of a luxury apartment valued at \$11 million and other shockingly lavish perks that former General Electric (GE ) CEO Jack Welch received when he retired three years ago are old news.
Q3 integrated graphics chip shipments soar Despite the big overall increase, shipments of standalone chips for desktop graphics cards grew just 2.3 per cent, JPR said. Shipments of integrated desktop graphics chips were up 25.1 per cent, while their
Gordon Cooper, pioneering Mercury program astronaut, dies at 77 On May 15, 1963, Gordon Cooper piloted the Faith 7 capsule and circled the globe 22 times in 34 hours and 20 minutes. It was the last flight of NASA #39;s Mercury program, but it
Bucks unleash their potential COLUMBUS - Sometimes the best way to deal with bad news is to run from it. Strap on your dancing cleats and fly a little. Maurice Clarett left Buckeye Nation backpedaling and scarlet-faced for more than a week, but Saturday came soon enough.
China Cordons Off Central Villages Following Ethnic Clashes Chinese troops have cordoned off villages in central China following fighting between ethnic groups that killed at least seven people.
Screen shots: Invasion of "Half-Life 2" Valve Software is experimenting with a model that could substantially transform the video game business.
Cost Estimate Jumps The cost of building a stadium and renovating RFK Stadium could be \$91 million more than city officials initially estimated, according to an analysis released Wednesday.
BISHOPS WORRIED ABOUT ITALIAN HOSTAGES (AGI) - Vatican City, Sept. 24 - In these hours, the  quot;incessant prayer of the Christian community continues quot; for the liberation of the two Italian hostages in Iraq.
eDonkey Kicks Kazaa Out of No. 1 Spot Kazaa, which has long been targeted by the music industry as the most popular software for peer-to-peer music sharing, was edged out by rival eDonkey in September.
Research Is Definitely in Motion Whatever happened to the days of  quot;being one with nature, quot; and  quot;getting away from it all quot;? First cell phones and pagers made us accessible 24 hours a day, and now Research In Motion #39;s
Davenport wins Porsche GP after injured Mauresmo quits Lindsay Davenport won the Porsche Grand Prix on Sunday when top-ranked Amelie Mauresmo quit after losing the first set because of an injured left thigh.
3Com to buy TippingPoint Officials at 3Com said today they have signed an agreement to acquire TippingPoint Technologies, a maker of intrusion-prevention systems.
Scientists Complete Chicken Genome There #39;s quite a bit of clucking going on at Michigan State University: they have just sequenced the genome of a chicken. That #39;s a first for birds and agricultural animals
Former con man joins crime battle FORMER con artist Frank Abagnale, whose life was portrayed in the film Catch Me if You Can, has been recruited to help in the battle against cyber crime as spokesman for the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) in a forthcoming campaign.
Palestinian militants fire two rockets on southern Israel, no &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM, Oct 1 (AFP) - Palestinian militants fired two makeshift rockets on Sderot in southern Israel Friday without causing any casualties, an army spokeswoman told AFP.
Two months of doing nothing MADRID - It has taken just two months for Michael Owen to question whether his move to Real Madrid has been a big mistake. The England striker has started just one match after trading Anfield for the Bernabeu
Hurricane Ivan hits Caymans Hurricane Ivan is battering the Cayman Islands after moving on from Jamaica where it killed at least 14 people.
Devil Rays 7, Royals 4 Jorge Cantu hit a go-ahead, two-run double during a five-run eighth inning to help the Tampa Bay Devil Rays beat the Kansas City Royals 7-4 Tuesday night.
O #39;Leary charms Boeing workers Michael O #39;Leary, the irrepressible chief executive of Ryanair, may have his detractors in Britain for the ruthless way he drives down costs at the budget airline.
Resurgent sedan muscling past SUV Almost since the invention of the automobile, the large, elegant sedan dominated the nation's highways, symbolic of America's success and power. But the oil crises of the 1970s put a serious crimp in that gas-guzzling style, and Americans went through the '80s driving smaller, high-mileage cars, often compact and subcompact imports.
Online sales continue to rise, up 23.1 from a year ago While they're still a sliver of overall U.S. retail sales, retail online sales continued to rise in the second quarter of the year to \$15.7 billion, according to figures released today by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
Now is the hour for Vogts From Mount Florida to Moldova, five days in which Scotland #39;s World Cup fate will be spinning like a top. Five days in which wee Berti could be king, could be clown.
Lopez Overpowers Yanks Rodrigo Lopez outduels Kevin Brown and leads the Baltimore Orioles to a 3-1 victory Friday night over the New York Yankees.
Owen stars in Real Madrid debut Michael Owen made his debut for Real Madrid on Sunday, setting up a second-half goal by Ronaldo in a 1-0 victory at Mallorca in a Spanish league opener.
Liberia moves against Taylor aides Liberia imposes economic sanctions on two people with connections to exiled president, Charles Taylor.
Merck withraws arthritis drug Vioxx Merck (MRK) said Thursday that it is withdrawing its arthritis drug Vioxx globally following indications that the drug raises the risk of heart attack and stroke.
Indian PM Visits Kashmir, Troops Start Pullout  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan  Singh begins his first visit to revolt-torn Kashmir on  Wednesday as New Delhi starts pulling troops out of the  disputed Himalayan state hoping to boost the chances for peace.
Lycos Antispam Screensaver Draws Fire Screensaver offers to "spam the spammers," but not everyone is pleased with its message.
Soldiers Detain 14 Iraqis, 10 Bomb Makers (AP) AP - U.S. troops captured 14 Iraqis, including 10 wanted for making explosive devices to attack coalition forces, the military said Tuesday.
That #39;s rich: Gates tops Forbes list once again com September 24, 2004, 7:23 AM PT. IT Management and Web Technology have been fighting neck-to-neck for the fifth spot for the last year.
Players #39; union files grievance against Guillen suspension Arlington, TX (Sports Network) - One day after the Anaheim Angels suspended outfielder Jose Guillen without pay for the remainder of the season, the players #39; association filed a grievance to overturn the penalty on Monday.
Fed lifts rate, says economy picking up The Federal Reserve yesterday boosted its key interest rate for the third time in as many months, signaling the economy has rebounded from its recent struggles and inflation remains in check.
Former Fire player Nowak leads United in MLS Cup There were a lot of questions about Peter Nowak when he became the rookie head coach of DC United. Nowak has come up with all the answers and is in position to win the big prize.
NatFoods looks at opportunities in new products National Foods is using a strategy of new product releases to reinvigorate a stagnating dairy sector. Picture:Michele Mossop. National Foods, fresh from posting a 14 per cent rise in profit
As usual, Jeter does whatever it takes to get  #39;W #39; You can #39;t rely on the boxscore to quantify the type of impact Derek Jeter had on Game 2 of the Yankees-Twins series. Or the influence he has on his team.
Asian Stocks Slip as Oil Moves Above \$55 Asian share markets fell on Monday after oil hit a record above \$55 a barrel, with investors cautious ahead of earnings reports from bellwether firms IBM and Texas Instruments later in the day.
Derby win for Birmingham London - Birmingham City defeated Aston Villa 2-1 on Sunday to claim the second city derby, taking the match on first-half goals from Clinton Morrison and David Dunn.
PeopleSoft Chief Duffield Resists Pressure to Talk With Oracle PeopleSoft Inc. Chief Executive David Duffield resisted pressure to open talks with Oracle Corp. after shareholders voted to support Oracle #39;s \$8.8 billion takeover bid.
Dozens of new Iraqi troops die in ambush Officials fear that an infiltrator may have tipped insurgents that the unarmed soldiers were heading home on leave. BY ROBERT H. REID.
Hollinger offers Black \$100m deal Hollinger International has extended an olive branch to former chief executive Lord Black by offering him a share in the proceeds of the 665m sale of the Daily and Sunday Telegraph.
Strong quake hits north Japan, injuring 13 A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 rocked eastern areas of Hokkaido, Japan #39;s northernmost main island, early Monday, injuring at least 13 people.
FA to test for EPO The Football Association announced today they will introduce a test for the banned drug erythropoietin (EPO)  #39;in the near future #39;.
Burnitz HR, not Bonds, steals show Jeromy Burnitz hit a tiebreaking, two-run homer in the eighth inning to overshadow Barry Bonds #39; 698th homer and lift the Colorado Rockies to an 8-7 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night.
BROADSHEET/ COMPACT VIEWS Norwegian police trying to track down The Scream could do worse than check out the Blackburn Rovers technical area. Graeme Souness was on his feet and incandescent with rage for much of this game, and with good reason.
WORLD IN BRIEF RIO DE JANEIRO -- Gang members shot and wounded dozens of people at a Rio de Janeiro disco Sunday after party organizers refused to stop the music to honor a suspected drug kingpin killed earlier by police.
Karzai maintains clear majority HAMID Karzai maintained his clear majority in the Afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 per cent today, according to the official poll website.
Benfica #39;s Gomes sprains left knee Benfica striker Nuno Gomes sprained his left knee during a league match at the weekend but will not need surgery, the Portuguese league leaders said in a statement onMonday.
Netflix CEO rates Blockbuster, Amazon threats Netflix chief executive Reed Hastings said on Friday that Blockbuster has more to lose in the war for online DVD renters than emerging foe Amazon.
Two decades of DNA fingerprints The breakthrough was made accidentally by Professor Sir Alec Jeffreys at the city #39;s university on 10 September 1984. Since then, the technique has been used to trap criminals, identify victims of war, settle
Woods wins Dunlop Phoenix going away MIYAZAKI, Japan (Ticker) - Tiger Woods needed nine months but is back in the winner #39;s circle. Woods used a final-round 3-under-par 67 Sunday to post an emphatic eight-stroke victory at the Dunlop Phoenix.
Far EasTone says pickings slim Far EasTone Telecommunications Co () projects earnings to expand mildly next year as the company #39;s planned third-generation (3G) mobile service is not expected to stimulate business
Watchdog Plays Down Abbey Suitor Fears The City watchdog today played down reports that it had concerns about Abbey National suitor Banco Santander Central Hispano. The Financial Services Authority confirmed
Plane Diverted to London on Bomb Threat (AP) AP - A bomb threat that mentioned Iraq forced a New York-bound Greek airliner to make an emergency landing Sunday at London's Stansted Airport escorted by military jets, authorities said.
FANS WANT TRINIDAD- HOPKINS II IT took just eight explo- sive rounds for Felix  quot;Tito quot; Trinidad to put himself back atop boxing #39;s mantle of greatness.
Giants Suffer Another Blow in Secondary  EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey (Sports Network) - The New York  Giants will be without Shaun Williams for some time after the  strong safety suffered a tear in his left knee during Friday's  practice.
UPDATE 1-Open-Serena surprised to be crowd favourite Former champion Serena Williams hammered Patty Schnyder 6-4 6-2 to reach the quarter-finals of the US Open on Sunday and then said she was surprised to have the crowd on her side.
Alpharma Sells Generic of Pfizer Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alpharma Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ALO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ALO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday began  selling a cheaper generic version of Pfizer Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt;  epilepsy drug Neurontin without waiting for a court ruling on  Pfizer's request to block the copycat medicine.
Fierce Battles for Control of Holy City Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf today amid fierce battles between US forces and Shiite militants, who remained in control of a revered shrine there as negotiations dragged on for its handover to religious authorities.
New Issue - Fannie Mae sells \$10.5 billion in bills Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 1 US home funding company, said on Wednesday it sold \$8 billion of three-month benchmark bills due Dec. 22, 2004
Oracle buys PeopleSoft for 10.3 billion dollars (AFP) AFP - Oracle sealed a deal to buy rival business software firm PeopleSoft for 10.3 billion dollars after a bitter 18-month battle, the two firms announced.
Microsoft's Homeland Security Efforts Tom Richey, head of homeland security efforts at Microsoft, will be online to discuss homeland security trends and Microsoft's current work in the homeland security arena. Filter columnist Cynthia L. Webb will moderate.
Noguchi looks back  quot;I really feel its weight, quot; Noguchi said.  quot;Every time I look at it, my eyes well up in tears. I want to show it to all the people who made it possible.
Rebuilding What the Assault Turns to Rubble Weeks before Marine and Army units stormed into Fallujah, blowing up buildings and blasting holes in insurgent positions, Navy Lt. Cmdr. Larry Merola was already working on a plan to fix the damage.
Manning Fares Well in Mop-Up Role The top overall draft choice #39;s real introduction to the league came not in training camp or preseason, or even when he handed the ball to Tiki Barber on Sunday and watched the tailback sprint
Els moves into semis at World Match Play Ernie Els scored tight victories over Scott Drummond and Angel Cabrera Friday to stay on course for a record sixth World Match Play title.
Brazil backs China on trade bid Brazil is the latest country to recognise China as a market economy in a move expected to consolidate their trade ties.
Ramsey Still in Fight Patrick Ramsey's last chance to win the starting quarterback job may be Friday in St. Louis, but head coach Joe Gibbs is not tipping his hand.
Enter the World of Warcraft, soon In a simultaneous cross platform release, multiplayer online role-playing game World of Warcraft will go on sale in North America on November 23, and here in the UK  quot;shortly after quot;.
ARM #39;s new chip aims beyond cell phones com October 19, 2004, 12:21 PM PT. ARM Holdings is moving beyond its portable-device niche and is looking to move into the broader digital products category with a new family of chips.
Randolph scores 19 points as Trail Blazers down Sonics 100-94 Zach Randolph had 19 points, including a key jumper with 17.2 seconds left, as the Portland Trail Blazers stopped the surging Seattle SuperSonics 100-94 on Tuesday night.
CIA Documents: U.S. Knew of Venezuela Coup The U.S. Central Intelligence Agency knew dissident military officers were planning a coup in 2002 against Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, according to purported U.S. intelligence documents posted on the Internet.
Man Utd #39;s Van Nistelrooy: Injury just a knock Manchester United #39;s Ruud van Nistelrooy has played down the injury he received playing for Holland on Wednesday night. Van Nistelrooy hobbled off with a hip problem as the Dutch beat Andorra 3-0.
Toshiba and disc maker develop dual format DVD Tokyo, December 8: Toshiba Corp and a Japanese disc maker said on Tuesday they had developed a disc that can store content in both conventional and high-definition DVD formats, in a move they hope will strengthen their hand in a battle for the next
G7: Oil Prices a Risk to Economic Growth (Reuters) Reuters - High oil prices pose a risk to the\global economy, but the economic outlook for 2005 is still\favorable, the Group of Seven nations said in a statement\following their meeting on Friday.
#39;Old-fashioned, out of time. #39; Clarke dismisses princely view of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The fragile relationship between the government and the royal family was under fresh strain last night, after the education secretary, Charles Clarke, dismissed the Prince of Wales #39; views on education as  quot;old-fashioned and out of time quot; and claimed the
Analysts give thumbs-up to TD-Banknorth deal Analysts gave a broad thumbs-up on Friday to Toronto-Dominion Bank #39;s (TD.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) \$3.8 billion acquisition of a majority stake in Banknorth Group Inc.
Fox not fazed by CNBC Rupert Murdoch said yesterday he expects to launch his new Fox business channel next summer and that it will be easy to compete against CNBC.
5 Killed as 2 Bombs Explode Inside Baghdad Green Zone Three American civilians were killed in a brazen attack that punctured any illusions of a safe haven in the capital.
Host Marriott Quarterly Loss Narrows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hotel owner Host Marriott Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HMT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said its third-quarter loss narrowed as  revenue per room rose, driven by an increase in room rates.
Braves' Furcal Arrested Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal is arrested on drunken driving charges Friday, his second DUI arrest in four years.
Kerry Launches Second Attack on Bush Hitting President Bush on the issues of jobs and the war in Iraq, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry is moving aggressively in the face of polls showing his candidacy lagging.    Campaigning in North Carolina, a state hurt by job losses, Kerry says he would end tax breaks for companies that outsource overseas...
Analyst: CRM, Supply-Chain Software To Lead Spending (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Over the next several years, an increasingly larger share of I.T. budgets will go toward externally facing applications, according to Yankee Group.
Dedham's victory sweet What a difference four weeks can make. The last time Bay State Conference field hockey powers Walpole and Dedham met, Walpole sent the Marauders packing with their first loss of the season, 5-3. But yesterday it was Walpole that was unable to preserve a blemish-free loss column, as host Dedham prevailed, 2-1.
Kazaa Leverages Skype for Free Net Calls Two of the nets most widely used programs, Kazaa - a peer-to-peer (P2P) filesharing application -nd Skype  -2P internet phone application, have teamed up.
3 Palestinians Said Killed in Gaza Raid GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Dec 18, 2004 - Israeli troops killed three Palestinians Saturday on the second day of an Israeli raid in the Khan Younis refugee camp in southern Gaza, witnesses and hospital officials said.
Suicide Attack Kills 2 in Israel; 16 Hurt JERUSALEM - A Palestinian teenager blew herself up at a busy Jerusalem bus station Wednesday, killing two Israeli policemen who stopped her for a security check and wounding 16 bystanders in an attack that evaded Israel's clampdown on the West Bank for the Jewish holidays.    Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, meanwhile, dropped a plan to evacuate 21 Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip simultaneously at the beginning of next year, reverting to an earlier formula - a staged pullout in the summer of 2005...
Ole Miss tabs Orgeron as head coach Oxford, MS (Sports Network) - The University of Mississippi introduced Southern California assistant Ed Orgeron as its new head football coach during a Thursday press conference.
Vana remains in hunt Frank Vana Jr. is the lone remaining Massachusetts entry in the US Amateur Championship after three days of play at a demanding Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, N.Y.
IBM powers up high-end disk arrays IBM took a major step last week in its plan to remain at the forefront of storage technology by introducing two new disk arrays -- the DS6000 for the upper midrange market and the DS8000 for the high-end market. Both systems are designed for ease-of-use and modular for lower cost. They also feature high-end storage capabilities and virtualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
Stocks Rise on Drop in Consumer Prices A drop in consumer prices and a decline in crude oil futures Tuesday allowed investors to put aside worries about inflation, at least for the short term, and they sent stocks modestly higher.
Both Candidates Use McCain in Campaign Ads (AP) AP - Republican maverick John McCain campaigns with President Bush. He's good friends with Democrat John Kerry. And, in an unusual twist, he's shown up in campaign advertisements for both.
Locusts Inspire Technology That May Prevent Car Crashes Locusts are commonly associated with plagues, food shortages, and death. But they are also inspiring what may be the next wave in lifesaving collision-avoidance systems.
Iran threatens to boycott nuclear talks Iran #39;s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei threatened to boycott nuclear negotiations if European states press Tehran to totally suspend the process of uranium enrichment, as a new round of talks ended Wednesday without reaching an agreement.
The definitive guide to PHP Power Programming &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on 1000's of titles!
Netflix stock drops on anticipation of Amazon competition Shares of mail-order DVD rental company Netflix plunged Thursday after it warned that it was slashing its subscription price in anticipation of Amazon.
Drivers 'ignoring mobile rules' Many drivers are ignoring the ban on using phones while driving, a survey suggests as tough new measures are expected.
TruSecure, Betrusted to merge and rename CNet News.com: Security companies TruSecure and Betrusted are expected to formally announce on Tuesday that they plan to merge and create a newly formed company called Cybertrust.
Dodgers 7, Giants 3 Steve Finley #39;s grand slam capped a seven-run rally in the bottom of the ninth inning and Los Angeles won the NL West, beating the San Francisco Giants 7-3 Saturday.
Security Tightened in Kabul After Bombing Security was tightened across Kabul on Monday in the wake of a vehicle bomb on Sunday that killed three Americans working for an American contractor and at least four other people.
US Businesses Urge China to Rein in Piracy BEIJING -- Seeking to bring renewed focus on a perennial trouble spot with China, US business groups are calling the country #39;s rampant infringement of intellectual property a huge pitfall to doing business in an ever-more crucial market.
Reaching for the Sky A private manned rocket soared into space for a second time yesterday, landing successfully after an unexpectedly bumpy ride that nearly meant an early end to the team #39;s bid to win a \$10 million prize.
Multicore Chips May Push Intel Off Its Bus Chip giant will need to introduce integrated memory controllers or redesign its frontside bus, analysts say.
Religious Groups Compete to Court Voters (AP) AP - In voter registration drives, sermons and voter guides, religious groups from across the ideological spectrum have intensified the level of their political activity this year, prompted in part by right-left culture clashes and the legacy of the tight presidential race in 2000.
Net firms: Don't tax Internet calling A century-old tariff should not be extended to Internet phone calls, the companies say.
Death of the Internet greatly exaggerated Russian antivirus expert says claims in the media of an "electronic Jihad" were taken out of context.
Microsoft asks judge to suspend penalties Microsoft has told a judge that the European Commission must be stopped from ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors.
Nets need to score EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Lawrence Frank preaches the value of defense so much that he #39;d probably be more comfortable giving a blocking forearm to the back than a handshake as a form of introduction.
Supporters now have to wait to see Nunez HE #39;S the man seem-ingly no-one in Liverpool knows anything about - and who #39;ll now have to wait a little longer before attempting to endear himself to a curious Anfield crowd.
Adobe Profit Up, Shares Fall on Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Software maker Adobe Systems\Inc. on Thursday posted a quarterly profit that rose\more than one-third from a year ago, but shares fell 3 percent\after the maker of Photoshop and Acrobat software did not raise\forecasts for fiscal 2005.
Britain's Highest Court Overturns Anti-Terrorism Law Britain's highest court ruled today that the British government cannot indefinitely detain foreigners suspected of terrorism.
State of emergency declared in Iraq Iraq #39;s interim government has declared a 60-day state of emergency across the country, except for the Kurdish north. The move was announced by a spokesman for interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi.
Linux market to exceed \$35bn by 2008 The overall market revenue for Linux desktops, servers and packaged software will exceed \$35bn by 2008, research published today has claimed.
IBM to announce launch of new radio tag business unit IBM planned to announce yesterday that it will invest US\$250 million over the next five years and employ 1,000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
Outsourcing megadeals lose momentum IBM's loss of its huge JPMorgan contract comes as outsourcing deals are getting smaller.  \
Rank Group mulls break-up Shares in Rank Group have rallied after the leisure group said it might hive off its Deluxe film and video businesses to focus on its gaming and restaurant operations.
Nvidia and Sony to jointly develop GPU for PS3 Sony Computer Entertainment Incorporated (SCEI) and Nvidia announced today that they have been working together to develop the custom graphics processing unit (GPU) for SCEI s next-generation computer entertainment system, according to a joint press
Rebels in Sudan Region Say No Letup in Attacks  EL FASHER, Sudan, Aug. 28 -- Rebels in the Darfur region of Sudan said Saturday that government forces and Arab militiamen have continued to bomb and torch villages and kill civilians -- with attacks on six villages in the past three days, including one that killed 64 people.
Blair: World Will Keep Pressure on Sudan for Peace  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair  warned Sudan on Wednesday the international community would not  rest until violence was ended in Darfur and a comprehensive  peace deal was struck across the whole country.
Workers pushing for structure change at GM Europe, representative &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Employees at General Motors Corp. in Europe have discussed a major overhaul of the corporate structure in negotiations with management, the chief employee representative said in an interview published Sunday.
Boeing bringing the fight to Airbus CHICAGO _ No one who has watched Harry Stonecipher over the years should be surprised that he has just thrown the biggest punch yet in Boeing Co.
Sources: Israelis have plans for more housing units Israeli officials, who are already seeking bids to build 1,001 new housing units in the West Bank, have plans for another 450 units, government sources said Monday.
Park Claims Title at CJ Nine Bridges CHEJU (Yonhap) - South Korean golfer Grace Park gave the home crowd exactly what they wanted at the \$1.35 million CJ Nine Bridges Classic on Sunday as a storming final round gave her a comfortable win.
Curfew in Liberia After Riots, Four Dead  MONROVIA (Reuters) - At least four people died in riots on  Friday in Liberia's capital, where U.N. peacekeepers fired in  the air to bring rampaging, stick-wielding youths under control  and a daylight curfew was in force.
Police have no suspects in killings of elderly couple Detectives say they have no witnesses or suspects in the murder of an elderly couple killed in an apparent robbery at their Christian bookstore.
Fernandes fined 10,000 pounds for high-speed police chase Southampton midfielder Fabrice Fernandes was fined 10,000 pounds (US\$18,000) and handed a two-year driving ban Wednesday for trying to elude police in a high-speed chase five months ago.
Ukraine Parliament Says Run-Off Poll Invalid Ukraine's parliament declared invalid the disputed presidential election, a non-binding move demonstrating the country's rising dissatisfaction with the outcome.
Google Could Make Its Market Debut Wed.  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. appeared set  to start trading on Nasdaq on Wednesday, after the Web's No. 1  search engine asked regulators on Monday for final approval to  price its closely watched initial public offering.
US Pressing China Over Currency Value WASHINGTON Oct. 2, 2004 - The Bush administration, seeking to achieve an economic breakthrough in the closing weeks of an election campaign, says China has made a serious commitment to overhauling a currency
Oracle Refreshes PeopleSoft Offer While it waits for a federal court to rule on its hostile bid for PeopleSoft, Oracle (Quote, Chart) is keeping the deal in play. The database giant extended its previously announced tender offer of \$21 for
RNC - New York firms use VOIP to avoid convention crowds WASHINGTON - Some New York businesses are using a voice over Internet Protocol (VOIP) feature to avoid the crowds at the Republican National Convention at Madison Square Garden.
Playwright Created a Psychiatrist by Plagiarizing One, Accusers Say A criminal psychiatrist and a writer for The New Yorker have accused playwright Bryony Lavery of plagiarizing their work in her play "Frozen."
Move to license S African healers A bill to regulate South Africa's 200,000 traditional healers is to be debated in parliament.
Sharon promises cooperation with Russia to combat terrorism Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon made a telephone call to Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday, promising Israeli cooperation with Russia to concentrate efforts to combat terrorism, local newspaper Haaretz reported on its website.
GE earnings up 11 percent in third quarter STAMFORD, Conn. -- General Electric Co. #39;s third-quarter earnings rose 11 percent and revenue jumped 15 percent as orders rose sharply, the company said Friday.
COLTS-TITANS BOX Colts.com. HEAD COACH: Jeff Fisher, 11th season as Titans head coach, 11th season as NFL head coach (92-69, 97-73 including playoffs).
Meares, Hoy win cycling gold in record times Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Track cyclists Anna Meares of Australia and Chris Hoy of Great Britain won time trial gold medals Friday afternoon with record times.
Sprint-Nextel Deal Could Impact Kirkland, Wash.-Based Nextel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dec. 11--A marriage of Nextel Communications and Sprint could mean significant change for Kirkland-based Nextel Partners as well. Sprint and Nextel Communications are reportedly close to a deal that would create the third-largest US wireless carrier.
Tendulkar set to play in third test v Australia (Reuters) Reuters - Sachin Tendulkar is set to return for next week's third test against Australia in Nagpur after coming through a fitness check on Saturday.
Independent study finds robotic rescue mission costly, uncertain &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An aerospace research group says trying to fix the famed space telescope using a robot would cost two (b) billion dollars and take at least five years to get things ready.
Defiant Sharon sets out Gaza plan Israeli PM Ariel Sharon pushes ahead with an accelerated plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip despite opposition.
Blunkett orders visa inquiry Home secretary asks for an independent review into claims he intervened in a visa application for his ex-lover's former nanny.
Pakistani PM to meet with Blair Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was preparing Saturday to meet in London with British Prime Minister Tony Blair, the BBC reported.
California Cities, Counties Sue Microsoft Class action suit accuses the software giant of violating state's business code.
Motor Racing: Panis Reaches the End of the F1 Road &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alan Baldwin&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - Olivier Panis, the oldest driver andonly Frenchman on the Formula One starting grid, says farewellto grand prix racing in Japan this weekend.&lt;/p&gt;
Washington rejects protocol for industry THE United States helped negotiate the protocol under former President Bill Clintons administration. But President George W. Bush ditched the agreement shortly after coming
SANDISK Introduces High Performance Flash Memory Cards SanDisk Corporation (NASDAQ:SNDK) yesterday introduced the worlds fastest flash memory cards - the SanDisk Extreme III line of CompactFlash SD and Memory Stick PRO digital film cards.
Nintendo DS Readies for Portable Gaming Competition  quot;DS provides the road map to the future of video games, quot; Reggie Fils-Aime, Nintendo of America #39;s executive vice president of sales and marketing said.
Claranet signs latest ISP deal In the latest of a flurry of deals among net providers, Claranet buys the UK wing of US business Via.Net Works.
Microsoft launches software for searching desktops SEATTLE - Microsoft has become the second tech-industry giant to offer software for searching through computer desktops, a technology it claims is superior to that launched by Google two months ago.
SCO Web site hack is like breaking in A gut reaction to news that hackers broke into The SCO Group #39;s Web site and mocked its claims to own parts of the Linux operating system might be a feeling that SCO brought it on itself by trying to constrain the open source movement through its legal
Greens Paint Grim Picture of Future, Warmer World (Reuters) Reuters - Environmentalists forecast a grim\future for planet Earth Thursday, predicting that droughts,\heatwaves and hurricanes will become increasingly common and\more severe if global warming is allowed to continue unchecked.
SEC Overhauls Public Stock Offering Rules (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission voted 5-0 on Tuesday to propose sweeping changes in\how companies offer stock, including eliminating the so-called\pre-offer "quiet period" for very large companies.
Intel, Nvidia Sign Cross-Licensing Pact Chip giant Intel and graphics processor vendor Nvidia said Friday they have inked a wide-ranging technology sharing pact that, among other things, will let Nvidia use Intel #39;s front-side bus technology.
European Rookies Shine at Ryder Cup (AP) AP - Paul Casey and David Howell sure didn't look like Ryder Cup rookies on Saturday  #151; judging by the shots they produced under pressure, and by the crucial point they won.
Fahrenhorst elbow an accident, insists Ballack Bayern Munich midfielder Michael Ballack has apologised to Werder Bremen defender Frank Fahrenhorst for breaking his nose with a stray elbow in Bayern #39;s 2-1 win on Saturday, but stressed there was no intent.
Tag Team: Yahoo and Adobe The two companies join forces to beat out the competition. Also:  Sprint to debut services to help companies manage cell phones issued to employees   hellip;. Netflix skating on thin ice.... and more.
Ford, General Motors report slow November sales, Japanese makers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; America #39;s two largest automakers said they would reduce production in the first quarter of 2005 after reporting weak November sales.
With Oil Prices Up, It Could Be a Long Winter This winter, rising oil prices will translate into higher heating bills for households.
Powell seeks Asian support in dispute over N. Korea #39;s nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; YONGSAN GARRISON, South Korea - Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived in Seoul on Monday, beginning the final leg of a three-nation swing meant to shore up support in the dispute over North Koreas nuclear ambitions.
Not all sweet for Lou Before last night's game against the Red Sox, Tampa Bay's Lou Piniella didn't want to talk about speculation that he will
Greece Fires Air Force Chief Following Deadly Helicopter Crash Greece has fired its air force chief after 17 people, including a top Greek Orthodox cleric, died in a helicopter crash Saturday. The Air Force #39;s Lieutenant General Panagiotis Papanikolaou was blamed for the
IP Battle Lines Drawn in Spam Wars  quot;We believe the current license is generally incompatible with open source, contrary to the practice of open Internet standards, and specifically incompatible with the Apache License 2.0.
Retired Britons die in plane crash in Australian outback Two British-born tourists were killed yesterday when their light plane crashed in an exclusive wilderness park in a remote part of Western Australia.
Gilberto out with back injury Arsenal #39;s Brazilian midfielder Gilberto will be sidelined for at least a month with a back injury according to a club report.  quot;Gilberto is out.
Arab network says ten new hostages seized in Iraq The Arab TV network Al-Jazeera is showing footage of six Iraqis, two Lebanese and two Indonesian women. The Islamic Army in Iraq is claiming responsibility.
Retail sales over Thanksgiving weekend good for some The far north Scottsdale Target store rang up better than expected sales during the three days after Thanksgiving. At Superstition Springs Center in Mesa, Bath and Body Works sold out
Space shuttle delayed again The space shuttle will not fly before May 2005, according to NASA officials. This pushes the shuttle #39;s return-to-flight schedule back by two months, and postpones a vital servicing mission to the International Space Station.
Yahoo announces mobile deal with Nextel Yahoo on Tuesday said it will provide mobile Internet services to Nextel Communications, a deal that gives Yahoo relationships with all five leading mobile carriers in the United States.
CICA Foreign Ministers sign declaration RBC, 22.10.2004, Almaty 17:38:00.Foreign Ministers of the members of the Conference on Interaction and Confidence-building measures in Asia (CICA) have signed a declaration on the meeting of CICA ministers and approved the Confidence-Building Measures
Colgate to cut work force, India may emerge hub The US-based oral care and personal products company Colgate-Palmolive Company is drawing a blueprint to restructure its operations.
Manmohan arrives on two-day visit to Assam Guwahati, Nov. 21 (PTI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, arrived here today from Manipur on a two-day visit to Assam amidst tight security.
Agfa-Gevaert quits camera film business One of the best-known names in camera film, Agfa-Gevaert, is quitting the industry due to the booming popularity of digital cameras.
Deadlock over Axum obelisk Strained relations between Eritrea and Ethiopia could prevent the Axum obelisk's return to Ethiopia from Italy.
Astros Beat Reds 5-2 for 12th Straight Win Roger Clemens got his 326th win to tie Eddie Plank for 11th on the career list, and the Houston Astros hit four first-inning home runs to beat the Cincinnati Reds 5-2 Wednesday and tie a team record with their 12th straight win.
Bush Team Prepares Net Assault The Bush campaign is setting up an extensive war room to monitor Thursday's debate with John Kerry. The plan? Pounce on Kerry misstatements or exaggerations and send responses to thousands of partisan websites through a live feed. By Louise Witt.
Williams calls for healing in gay rift The Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, yesterday pleaded with both sides in the war over homosexuality to repent for bringing the worldwide Church to the brink of schism.
Edwards Disputes Rice on Iraq Invasion (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic vice presidential\candidate John Edwards on Sunday disputed a White House\assertion that it was right to topple Saddam Hussein even if he\had no illegal weapons because he posed a future threat.
PayPal: Service Fully Restored PayPal on Thursday reported that it had restored its online payment services after facing intermittent outages for more than five days.
Microsoft to Pay \$536 Million to Novell to Settle Antitrust Dispute Microsoft settled with Novell for \$536 million. Novell also intends to file a new suit againt Microsoft regrading word-processing software.
UN nuclear chief: patience wearing thin over lack of progress on North Korea (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - The international community is losing patience over the slow-moving six-way talks on North Korea's nuclear weapons program, and the UN Security Council should act on the matter, the UN nuclear chief said Wednesday.
Dlr Regains Poise After ZEW Slump  LONDON (Reuters) - News German investor confidence had  plunged to its lowest level in almost 2 years gave the dollar  much needed support on Tuesday and European shares eased from  6-month highs after a mixed bag of earnings results.
Capital ups Qantas stake US investment manager Capital Group Companies Inc has increased its stake in the nation #39;s largest carrier, Qantas Airways, to 10.
Melo #39;s image going to pot The amount of grass found in the backpack of Carmelo Anthony was not enough to stoke a party. But a scathing story grew like a weed across the nation.
AGL retreat from NZ energy market The Australian Gas Light Company (AGL) today announced its was ending its 12 year long involvement in the New Zealand energy sector with the \$750 miillion sale of its 66.
Chirac meets Blair under shadow of Iraq As a sign of their continuing co-operation, the leaders of Britain and France are scheduled to hold a meeting in London on 18 November.
Florida St. Seminoles The 11th-ranked Seminoles converted seven fourth downs and did not punt until the final period in a solid 34-7 victory over UAB. Embattled Chris Rix threw for 191 yards and ran for 42 and a touchdown for Florida
Jobs offered to let Sony into iTunes, report says To counter Microsoft #39;s planned entry into the digital music market, Apple Computer offered to sign a strategic agreement with Sony, according to a Sept.
Sun #39;s OpenSolaris Plans Start to Emerge Sun Microsystems on Friday will unveil more of its plans for OpenSolaris, the open-source project for the Solaris operating system.
#39;Soft patch #39; not so soft, as US economic growth revised higher WASHINGTON : The US economy #39;s  quot;soft patch quot; was not as weak as initial estimates, according to government data Wednesday showing a 3.3 percent pace of expansion in the second quarter.
Brockton mayor questions MIAA Brockton city officials, irritated by the logistical nightmare that plagued fans at both Super Bowl venues and questioning gate receipt totals for the six games, has taken aim at the Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association.
McIlroy stars for Europe Holywood #39;s Rory McIlroy has helped get Ryder Cup week off to a great start by playing in Europe #39;s win over their US counterparts in the junior event.
Greek duo quit Olympics The two Greek sprinters who missed drug tests prior to the start of the Athens Olympics today withdrew from the games.
HP #39;s Hall responds to Schwartz #39;s claims While in Sydney last week for a sales conference and to visit local customers, Sun Microsystems #39; president and COO Jonathan Schwartz made a number of statements (Computerworld Online October 13, CW October 18, p4) regarding the strategies of its
Mariners snap Red Sox win streak Seattle #39;s Bobby Madritsch pitched eight shutout innings as the Mariners clubbed Boston 7-to-1 Thursday night on the West Coast.
GM cereals to go 100 whole grain Cereal maker General Mills, hurt by low-carbohydrate and other fad diets in the past two years, went on the nutrition offensive Thursday and announced that it will make all
EADS Sees 2005 Earnings Rising 9.1 on Plane Demand (Update1) European Aeronautic, Defense  amp; Space Co., the controlling shareholder of Airbus SAS, expects 2005 earnings before interest, taxes, amortization and one-time items to rise 9.1 percent as sales of aircraft grow.
Suicide Car Bomb in Iraq's Kirkuk Kills 17 - Police  KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber detonated his  vehicle near a police academy in the Iraqi city of Kirkuk on  Saturday, killing at least 17 people and wounding 32, police  said.
Yanks and Baseball Meet as Report Ties Giambi to Steroids The Yankees may try to take action against Jason Giambi in the wake of a damaging report that he illegally used steroids.
Car bombs kill 34 children in Baghdad Insurgents have detonated three car bombs near a US military convoy in Baghdad, killing 41 people, 34 of them children, and wounding scores.
Fun With Web services! Forget those pesky business functions. To learn how Web services work and what you can do with them, check out these useful utilities that tell you who uttered that famous Shakespeare line, for example, or even convert Sao Tome dobras to Malawi kwacha.
Thousands of Dell adapters recalled for risk of fire, shock from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dell Inc. is recalling about 990,000 AC adapters used with notebook personal computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock hazard, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission said Friday.
Toronto Blue Jays Team Report - August 28 (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays look to rebound from a tough loss as they host the New York Yankees for the third of a four-game set at SkyDome.
Microsoft tops estimates Microsoft Corp. on Thursday said its first quarter profit climbed as personal computer sales and business demand fueled higher sales.
Merck stock plummets on drug news The share price of US drugs giant Merck falls to an eight-year low after it announces that it has been forced to withdraw a key drug on side effect fears.
Google Roadshows Left Small Investors Out (Reuters) Reuters - The initial public offering of\Internet search engine Google Inc. (GOOG.O) was billed as a\bonanza for millions of U.S. investors -- but the little guy,\with check in hand, was left out of the party.
Bryant Arrives at Trial Kobe Bryant arrived at his sexual assault trial Monday as attorneys in the case who spent the weekend poring over questionnaires prepared to question potential jurors.
US, Iraq control Samarra SAMARRA, Iraq - US and Iraqi forces in Samarra on Sunday finished retaking the last insurgent-controlled neighborhood, completing a relentless three-day push through this ancient city in a first step toward wresting control of important central Iraqi
Sepracor Shares Rise on Insomnia Drug OK Drug maker Sepracor Inc. has won federal approval for a prescription insomnia medication the company is counting on to challenge larger rivals in the fast-growing \$2.1 billion-a-year sleep aid market.
New tape of Briton BANGKOK The Thai wife of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq said Thursday that newly released video footage of her husband had buoyed her hopes for his safe return.
Terps Start Slow, Erupt Maryland's potent offense erupts in the second half, scoring three goals in a four-minute span, as the Terrapins defeat Hofstra, 4-0, in an NCAA soccer tournament second-round game Tuesday night.
Vikings Kearse-d by defensive wrinkle The cover of the official game program, being hawked by vendors for several blocks around Lincoln Financial Field here on Monday night, seemed to augur what was about to
Kings 88 Bucks 79 SACRAMENTO, Calif. Peja Stojakovic (PAY #39;-zhah stoy-AH #39;-koh-vich) scored 12 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter and the Sacramento Kings rallied for their fifth straight victory, 88-to-79 over Milwaukee.
Cingular, AT amp;T complete merger Cingular Wireless today announced it has completed its previously announced merger with AT amp;T Wireless, creating the nation #39;s biggest wireless carrier with the
Kings pull Pacers off East pedestal In the realistic portion of their brains, the Indiana Pacers know they aren #39;t supposed to be all that good right now. But they also know they aren #39;t supposed to be this bad.
Nokia to bring digital TV to mobile phones By 2006 you will be able to watch television on your Nokia phone. Within two years as many as 20 different TV channels will be made available, Anssi Vanjoki, Nokia #39;s general manager of Multimedia, told the
Shopping Search Tactics Shopping search engines make it easy for people to research and buy products. They can also be a powerful and cost-effective customer acquisition channel for merchants.
Clinton Stumps for Newest Search Engine (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Ex-president Bill Clinton last week delivered the keynote address at the launch of a new business-focused search engine.
Far Fewer Jobs Were Added in November Than Forecast The economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in November, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population, the Labor Department reported on Friday.
O #39;Connor #39;s first gold for Ireland Cian O #39;Connor has claimed Ireland #39;s first ever equestrian Olympic medal by winning the individual show jumping gold in Athens as rivals ahead of him faltered.
Snow urges faster growth in eurozone Sluggish growth in the eurozone is holding back the global economy, according to the US Treasury Secretary John Snow. Speaking during a visit to Dublin, he said the zone was growing at  quot;below its potential
IBM jumps into Liberty Alliance Big Blue's deal with mobile provider Orange prompts it to join the Internet security consortium and take a seat on its board.
Playing every game won #39;t save Schofield PORT ADELAIDE midfielder Jarrad Schofield is at risk of missing Saturday #39;s Grand Final against the Brisbane Lions - after playing in all of the Power #39;s 24 games this year.
Drug Company Settles NY Fraud Charge for \$2.5 Million A major pharmaceutical company accused by Attorney General Eliot Spitzer of concealing negative information about an antidepressant agreed yesterday to publicly disclose clinical study data.
Veteran guard Black bugs opponents The Connecticut Sun have the  quot;Tasmanian Devil quot; on their side as they enter the WNBA Finals tonight.  quot;Well, you know, I play a lot like that; I #39;m kind of
NL Wrap: Pujols Drives in Five Runs as Cardinals Rout Reds (Reuters) Reuters - Albert Pujols homered for the fifth\time in the last four games and drove in five runs as the St\Louis Cardinals routed the Cincinnati Reds 10-5 in National\League play at Busch Stadium on Monday.
EU's Monti seeks Oracle-PeopleSoft decision by end-October (AFP) AFP - Outgoing EU competition commissioner Mario Monti wants to reach a decision on Oracle's proposed takeover of business software rival PeopleSoft by the end of next month, an official said.
AT T slashes Net telephony rates In an attempt to spark growth in its Net phone offer, the company reduces rates and offers new customers a month free.
Serena Wins Thanks to Myskina Choke at WTA Championships; McEnroe &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Svetlana Kuznetsova and Lindsay Davenport had comfortable victories while Serena Williams looked nowhere near the top of her game in gutting out a win Wednesday on day one at the WTA Championships.
US to withhold Halliburton money The Pentagon is to withhold a proportion of payments to US firm Halliburton which supplies meals to US troops in Iraq.
Internet Movie Piracy The Motion Picture Association of America said Thursday that it will sue people who download movies from online file-sharing services. Reporter David McGuire discusses the likely impact of the lawsuits with Gigi Sohn, president of Public Knowledge.
Plants - the Silent Witnesses to Crime (Reuters) Reuters - Microscopic traces of pollen\are increasingly being used by world police forces to track\down both victims and offenders, a British conference heard on\Wednesday.
Stradivarius Cards still playing second fiddle BOSTON -- You expected to see Bill Murray and Larraine Newman disembarking from the St. Louis team bus as it rolled up to Fenway Park here late Friday afternoon.
Brady's Signs Are Positive Most of the signs attached to Brady's most recent quarter say "Don't Exit."
Mylan chief assails Icahn #39;s plan to stall King acquisition The head of Mylan Laboratories Inc. lashed out at Wall Street financier Carl Icahn for trying to stop the company #39;s acquisition of brand-name drug maker King Pharmaceuticals
IBM recalls notebook power adapters IBM, maker of the popular Thinkpad notebook computers, released a statement announcing the recall of 553,000 notebook computer power adapters.
Early to rise? Not for UConn  quot;I think the game played out probably the way I thought it would play out, quot; he said.  quot;I can #39;t say that I #39;m really, really that surprised.
Pakistan cuffs Al-Qaida-linked terrorists ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Military forces arrested at least five al-Qaida-linked terrorists plotting to launch suicide attacks on the US Embassy and Pakistani leaders, the government said yesterday.
Francophonie endorses Martin #39;s reform idea OUAGADOUGOU, BURKINA FASO - Delegates to the Francophonie summit decided Saturday not to expel Ivory Coast from the organization, instead they passed a resolution condemning the violence in the country and threatened future sanctions.
Paes-Bhupathi lose to Ancic-Ljubicic (Reuters) Reuters - Mario Ancic and Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia beat fifth-seeded Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes of India 7-6 (7-5) 4-6 16-14 in the men's doubles bronze medal match at the Olympic Games on Friday.
Sharon Seeks Labour Help to Bail Him Out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approached the opposition Labour Party with a tentative offer to join his shaky coalition, in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his Gaza withdrawal plan.
Colts' Jefferson Ready for First Action (AP) AP - Joseph Jefferson's right knee might never be completely healthy. He can't worry about it now.
China to host first stewardess beauty pageant Beijing, Sept 4. (PTI): China will host the first International Stewardess Beauty Pageant in early November in Zhuhai in south China #39;s Guangdong Province, the organisers announced today.
Thailand urges global landmine fund at first review of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thailand called for a global fund to finance landmine removal and aid for victims Monday at the first five-year review of the international treaty to ban landmines.
Mourning Will Try to Play Seven-time All-Star Alonzo Mourning will attempt a comeback with the Nets this season, less than a year after a kidney transplant.
New Labels Can Tout Heart-Healthy Foods WASHINGTON (AP) -- Fish, fowl, baby formula and any other conventional food products that contain two types of omega-3 fatty acids can market the fat's heart-healthy effect, regulators said Wednesday.     The fatty acids covered by the Food and Drug Administration's ruling are EPA, or eiscosapentaenoic acid, and DHA, or docosahexaenoic acid...
Infocus: Issues Discovering Compromised Machines This article discusses the discovery of compromised machines in large enterprise environments, and offers some suggestions on correlating NIDS and HIPS logs to avoid false positives.
Lindows Postpones IPO Its legal battles over, the software vendor will focus on sales until the market ripens.
Feds Warn on Children and Antidepressants By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A Food and Drug Administration epidemiologist who triggered a closer look at suicidal behavior among children taking antidepressants cited independent experts at hearings Monday who he said support his findings.    In addition to seeing increases in suicidal thoughts among children receiving all the antidepressants he studied, Dr...
We're talking real 'green' energy Scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have proved what Popeye already knew -- spinach is an excellent energy source. It's so good that in 10 years, our cellphones and portable computers may be coated in a spinach-based material that provides their electrical power.
Acer Announces Ferrari 3400 November 15, 2004 - Acer America today has announced its newest notebook in its Ferrari line of notebooks, the Ferrari 3400. Featuring a Mobile AMD Athlon 64 3000, the notebook combines the market strength of three major brands, Acer, AMD and Ferrari.
Baghdad governor escapes attack The governor of Baghdad escapes unhurt when a roadside bomb explodes near his convoy.
U.N. Peacekeepers Hurt in Haiti Shootouts (AP) AP - Two U.N. peacekeepers were wounded in shootouts with supporters of Haiti's ousted president in the capital and storm survivors in flood-ravaged Gonaives, the first casualties of the 4-month-old U.N. mission, officials said Sunday.
Hairy Legs Help Bugs Walk on Water Water striders do what few other animals can: They walk on water. How the freshwater insects pull it off has baffled scientists #151;until now.
Saturn moon may have ice volcano Saturn's largest moon Titan may have water-rich liquid welling up on to the surface from its warm interior, data from the Cassini spacecraft suggests.
Data loss hits Russia crash probe Russian officials remain baffled after examining the black boxes from Tuesday's mystery double air crash.
SI.com MINNEAPOLIS (Ticker) -- The Minnesota Twins don #39;t have to pack their bags for the playoffs just yet. Corey Koskie homered and drove in three runs to help Minnesota rally for a 4-3 triumph over the Cleveland Indians .
IBM seeks dismissal of breach of contract claims in SCO case IBM has filed court documents seeking a dismissal of a second major component of the lawsuit filed against it last year by Unix supplier SCO.
Judge Allows US Airways Pay Cuts, a Move United Also Seeks US Airways today won most of the emergency pay cuts it said were critical to avoid liquidation and United said it wanted to terminate its labor contracts and would seek deeper cuts from its employees.
Stock Markets Fall as Oil Nears \$50 a Barrel NEW YORK, Sept. 22 -- A surge in oil prices and a disappointing earnings report from Morgan Stanley were cited as factors in significant stock market losses Wednesday.
Israel's Sharon: Arafat Will 'Get What He Deserves'  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  on Wednesday renewed his threat to remove Yasser Arafat, saying  the Palestinian president would "get what he deserves."
SBC Communications Selects Alcatel As Primary Supplier For New &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN ANTONIO --(Business Wire)-- Oct. 20, 2004 -- SBC Communications Inc. (NYSE: SBC) today announced a five-year, approximately \$1.
Oil Bubbles Near \$55, China Supports  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices simmered near \$55 a barrel  on Friday on rising fears of a winter fuel supply crunch and  robust but slowing economic growth in China, the world's number  two oil user.
Securing RFID information RFID data is vulnerable under certain circumstances, but tougher standards have been developed to protect information stored on RFID chips and to prevent hackers from using sensitive data stored there in malicious exploits.
Rain may have fallout BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox still trail. The good news for the Red Sox Nation was there was no loss to mourn last night as Game 3 of the American League championship Series was rained out at Fenway Park.
Sports Court Hears Hamm Gold Medal Appeal (AP) AP - Paul Hamm appeared before the sports world's highest court Monday to argue why he should keep his Olympic gymnastics gold medal.
UPI NewsTrack Sports Baseball will return to Washington in 2005 after an absence of more than three decades. It was announced Wednesday that the Montreal Expos will move to Washington next season and play its home games at RFK Stadium.
England have the weapons for a keen contest After the fateful, the meaningful, as England #39;s Test tour of South Africa officially got under way yesterday. But with eight of the Test squad not involved in the light quartet of one-day
Handset Makers Raising Virus Defenses  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Software security companies and  handset makers, including Finland's Nokia &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NOK1V.HE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NOK1V.HE&lt;/A&gt;, are  gearing up to launch products intended to secure cell phones  from variants of the Internet viruses that have become a  scourge for personal computer users.
Everyone benefits from accountability It's a benefit to the investors (and, by the way, to the companies seeking venture capital) to have VC Fund performance out in the open (''State discloses venture results, quot; Aug. 25).
RCN looks to exit Chapter 11 RCN Corp. , the upstart telecommunications provider that has sought to battle giants like Comcast Corp. and Verizon Communications Inc. in Greater Boston and other markets, unveiled plans yesterday to exit bankruptcy protection by December and shed more than two-thirds of its \$1.8 billion debt load.
Yahoo to Release Desktop Search Tool The competition between two leading Internet search engines is heating up anew as Yahoo Inc. plans to announce today that it soon will offer a free, high-speed way to search for information on personal computers, challenging rival Google Inc., which released a similar product earlier this fall.
US stress on cyber crime The US today urged India to adhere to the principles of the Council of Europes convention on cyber crime for strengthening national laws in the areas of cyber-security.
Andre Rison Signs With CFL Club (AP) AP - Former Pro Bowl receiver Andre Rison signed with the CFL's Toronto Argonauts on Saturday, less than two weeks after a U.S. judge ordered his arrest for failing to pay child support.
FINANCIAL HEADLINES: Kmart considering Atlanta, reports say Add Atlanta to the list of potential sites for Kmart Holding Corp. #39;s new headquarters. The Troy-based company with about 2,000 corporate employees is looking for up to 300,000 square feet of office space, Atlanta media are reporting this week.
Padres deal for a pair of pitchers com. The Padres made a move Monday, acquiring left-hander Darrell May and right-hander Ryan Bukvich from the Royals in exchange for outfielder Terrence Long and right-hander Dennis Tankersley.
Myanmar orders mass release of nearly 4,000 prisoners YANGON : Myanmar #39;s mass release of nearly 4,000 prisoners has sparked faint hopes for political detainees including pro-democracy figures, but one observer it was aimed at easing international criticism over last month #39;s power struggle.
France Suspends Hunting to Save Orphaned Bear Cub (Reuters) Reuters - France suspended hunting in\the western Pyrenees on Wednesday to save a bear cub orphaned\when his mother, the last female bear native to the region, was\killed by hunters earlier this week.
Chalabi, Claiming Exoneration, Plans Another Comeback In his first public appearance since an Iraqi judge ordered his arrest three weeks ago, the Iraqi exile Ahmad Chalabi announced his return to Iraq #39;s political scene
They Don #39;t Have a Word for It Does language sometimes define the content of thought? Are there people who cannot entertain certain ideas because their language does not have the words to express them?
Michael Phelps Seeks Fourth Swimming Gold Medal at Athens Games Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Swimmer Michael Phelps seeks his fourth gold medal of the Athens Olympics in tonight #39;s 200-meter individual medley, while female gymnasts compete for the all- around title.
Surprise: Manning headlines AFC monthly honorees New York, NY (Sports Network) - Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning headlines the AFC Players of the Month for November.
Budget Version of Windows Headed for Russia (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) will release a low-cost version of Windows for the Russian market in an attempt to combat the country's pirated software problem and growing Linux adoption.
Darfur Situation Worsens; Talks Resume KHARTOUM, 1 September 2004 - Conditions are worsening for refugees in Darfur, UN agencies said yesterday, as the Sudanese government and rebels struggled to make headway in talks aiming to ease the conflict in the Darfur region.
Agencies crack down on cyberfraud Hoping to clean up the Internet #39;s reputation as a haven for scam artists, federal officials unveiled a series of arrests, indictments and convictions Thursday involving a range of cyberfraud.
Veritas buys KVS, plugs archive hole Underlining the importance of message archiving software, Veritas Software Corp. has announced plans for a \$224 million cash acquisition of KVS Software Ltd.
Karzai takes lead in Afghan presidential polls The incumbent Afghan president HamidKarzai has taken lead in the presidential polls as he had secured 77 percent of the votes counted so far, a spokesman of the joint UN-Afghan election commission said Saturday.
Elephant Dung Helps Track Smuggled Ivory - Study (Reuters) Reuters - Using elephant dung and skin\samples, researchers said they were able to make a map of\elephant DNA that could help track down ivory poachers.
Oil Won't Derail U.S. Expansion -Bernanke (Reuters) Reuters - Rising oil prices will weigh on U.S.\economic growth, but the increases seen so far will not derail\the expansion and need not fuel a troubling inflation, Federal\Reserve Board Governor Ben Bernanke said on Monday.
LaBranche Swings to a Third-Quarter Loss Brokerage LaBranche  amp; Co. on Monday said it swung to a loss in the third quarter on lower equity volumes and volatility at its specialist unit.
Sprint, Nextel to Merge UPDATED: Sprint (Quote, Chart) and Nextel (Quote, Chart) have agreed to merge, to better compete with Cinglar and Verizon Wireless for voice and data customers.
Apple #39;s missed opportunity By Paul Jackson, senior analyst. With its new iMac G5, Apple Computer has once again come up with a unique package of design, power and ease of use.
Madrid #39;s Olympic bid wins Real support for 2012 Summer Games Madrid has enlisted the support of Real Madrid in an attempt to boost its hopes of staging the 2012 Olympic Games. Madrid #39;s mayor Alberto Ruiz Gallardon described the famous soccer team as  quot;the
Will Owen make Wales match? LONDON, 4 Oct. -- Forward Michael Owen is doubtful for England #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales on Saturday because of a leg muscle injury sustained in his home debut for Real Madrid on Sunday.
Milking the World Series of Poker Owning the World Series of Poker has been a major competitive score for Harrah's.
MotoGP: Qatar Grand Prix Quote Machine by staff. Carlos Checa (Gauloises Fortuna Yamaha) was forced to retire from third position with only two laps remaining of today #39;s inaugural Qatar Grand Prix.
Space holidays may not be happy There may not be a happy holiday in space because Russian and American astronauts have been told to ration their food supply for the next few weeks, until a space shipment can reach them.
Hewlett-Packard Adds High-Speed Switch To Its Blade Servers Hewlett-Packard is looking to jump into the lead in the growing server-blade market--at least temporarily--with its announcement Wednesday that it will integrate Brocade Communications Systems
Church Says Girls' Communion Not Valid BRIELLE, N.J. - An 8-year-old girl who suffers from a rare digestive disorder and cannot eat wheat has had her first Holy Communion declared invalid because the wafer contained no wheat, violating Roman Catholic doctrine...
Some 20,000 protest in Cologne against violence in the name of Islam (AFP) AFP - Some 20,000 people took to the streets in the western German city of Cologne, waving German and Turkish flags, to protest against the use of violence in the name of Islam.
TURKEY AND THE EU A Sultan Looks West This week, as EU heads of state meet to decide the fate of Turkey #39;s candidacy for EU membership, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan will be preparing his own run for the Turkish presidency.
Canon Problems Ease Fears of LCD Glut  TOKYO/SEOUL (Reuters) - Japan's Canon Inc. said on Thursday  it had found problems with equipment for making liquid crystal  displays (LCDs), boosting shares in LG.Philips and other LCD  makers as fears of a supply glut eased.
... we #39;d better get ready The argument against strengthening building requirements is simple: It would cost too much. And poor people couldn #39;t afford it.
Irish and Huskies set to announce new coaches Two major schools are expected to introduce their new head football coaches Monday, Notre Dame and Washington. Two weeks ago, Tyrone Willingham was fired as head coach at Notre Dame and Monday
Palestinians call for peace talks The Palestinian prime minister calls for new peace efforts with Israel, a day after Yasser Arafat's burial.
Australia plans  #39;most lethal #39; cruise missiles SYDNEY, Aug 26 (AFP): Australia announced plans Thursday to acquire long-range cruise missiles that will give its defence force the  quot;most lethal capacity quot; for air combat in the region.
Beavers Suspend Four Oregon State suspends four players for the Insight Bowl against Notre Dame on Dec. 28.
Many Bosnians Stay Away From Elections (AP) AP - Disillusioned by officials' failure to improve Bosnia's economy, many voters stayed away from municipal elections on Saturday, while preliminary results indicated that the three nationalist parties were in the lead.
Hollywood battles DVD chip makers The Motion Picture Association of America #39;s (MPAA) campaign against movie piracy has taken another turn after it confirmed it was suing two chip makers.
Mercenaries turn against Thatcher JOHANNESBURG: Three South African men pleaded guilty to mercenary activities yesterday and agreed to testify against Mark Thatcher who is charged with bankrolling an alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea, their lawyer said.
Intuit Posts 1Q Loss; Revenue Up 11 Pct. (AP) AP - Intuit Inc. posted a narrower net loss for its latest quarter as increased revenue from its QuickBooks accounting software helped boost results.
Microsoft launches validation program Microsoft last week quietly launched a pilot program to tackle the increasing problem of software piracy. Windows Genuine Advantage is the first trial of a validation scheme operating on Microsofts Download Center.
Sharon defeated in crunch party vote BEIJING, Aug.19 (Xinhuanet) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has failed to garner the support of the Likud Party Convention for his resolution to negotiate with the Labor Party over a coalition government, according to a CNN report.
Talented flunkeys unite against phishing &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Featuring rare praise for &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; hack
In US senate race, AIDS-ravaged Kenyan village roots for native son (AFP) AFP - A victory for Barack Obama in his battle for the US senate in the state of Illinois could spell hope for his ancestral Kenyan farming community, fractured by AIDS, years of poverty and illiteracy, villagers hope.
Iraq ; Black Watch soldiers remain defiant Iraq News, Baghdad: Black Watch soldiers in Iraq #39;s  quot;triangle of death quot; said the killing of four of their comrades had strengthened their resolve to stay and see their task through.
Week in review: All eyes on iPod Apple Computer is the undisputed champion of the hard-drive music market, but competitors are gearing up for a shot at the title. The various versions of the iPod account for 92.
Gates to keynote January CES Microsoft head honcho expected to use the spotlight at the Consumer Electronics Show to talk Xbox 2. The Consumer Electronics Association today announced the keynote speakers for the International Consumer
It's one for all for BC Matt Ryan had arrived at a conference room adjacent to the visitor's locker room at Lincoln Financial Field to meet the press Saturday after Boston College's 34-17 Big East victory over Temple in Philadelphia.
After Recapturing N. Iraqi City,  Rebuilding Starts From Scratch  TALL AFAR, Iraq -- A three-foot-high coil of razor wire, 21-ton armored vehicles and American soldiers with black M-4 assault rifles stood between tens of thousands of people and their homes last week.
Indonesia #39;s Bashir retrial gets underway Indonesia #39;s prominent Muslim preacher Abu Bakr Bashir has been put on trial again, charged once more over the Marriot hotel attack in 2003 and the Bali bombing in 2002.
Agali treble helps Nice fight back, beat Monaco Victor Agali scored three goals within seven minutes Saturday as Nice mounted an incredible comeback to beat French first division leader Monaco 4-3.
Caterpillar's Earnings More Than Double  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday quarterly earnings more than doubled on continued  strong demand for its heavy equipment.
Microsoft Sings New Tune with Windows Media Player and PC users no longer had to choose between Windows Media Player #39;s inadequacies or Real or Musicmatch #39;s annoyances.
Microsoft under your thumb New keyboard and mouse from the company's hardware division include fingerprint readers.
Cricket: Aussies crowing, Indians deathly quiet NAGPUR - The Indian dressing room was empty after stumps as the hooting and hollering from the Australian shed drifted over the Vidarbha Cricket Association ground.
Positioned for a 1-2 punch? All the Red Sox wanted last night was one more chance to send out their two aces, Pedro Martinez and Curt Schilling . Even as they faced elimination against the Yankees in Game 4 of the American League Championship Series, the Sox finalized plans to go with Martinez in a potential Game 5 today at Fenway Park and appeared poised ...
US stocks hit by surge in oil prices NEW YORK - Wall Street shares took a beating yesterday as a fresh surge in oil prices dented sentiment among investors already fretting about the coming corporate earnings season.
Airbus sales to trounce Boeing AIRBUS is poised to thrash archrival Boeing this year in the cut-throat battle to supply the world #39;s airlines with commercial jets, the European manufacturer #39;s parent company said today.
Thayer Gets Stake in BFI Thayer Capital Partners, a D.C. private-equity partnership that buys companies, agreed to a deal that will give it a 24 percent stake in one of Canada's largest trash haulers.
College Basketball: Kentucky, Virginia Win  LEXINGTON, Ky. (Sports Network) - Kelenna Azubuike poured  in a game-high 21 points, Shagari Alleyne added 11 points and  Kentucky rolled past Morehead State, 71-40, in non-conference  play at Rupp Arena.
U.S. Handling of Helicopter Crash Irks Okinawa (Reuters) Reuters - Cities in Okinawa expressed outrage at\the U.S. military on Tuesday for refusing to allow Japanese\police investigate the wreckage of a Marine helicopter that\crashed in the grounds of a university there last week.
E-Rate Inspection which allows schools and libraries to purchase telecommunications and Internet access at discounted rates -- are causing officials to take another look.
US Stocks Off After Merck Recall,Oil Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were knocked lower on  Thursday after drug maker Merck   Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt;, a member of the  blue-chip Dow, recalled its widely sold Vioxx arthritis drug  and oil resumed its climb to \$50 a barrel.
Canada and South Korea open talks for potential free-trade agreement (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SANTIAGO, Chile (CP) - Canada hopes to nail down a free-trade treaty with South Korea that could offer major inroads into the booming Asian market, Prime Minister Paul Martin said Friday.
3Com opens research center in India \The facility's 35 engineers will focus on Net telephony, says the firm, which plans to double the center's head count within a year.\
Novell Accuses Microsoft of Unfair Competition Lawsuit alleges the software giant unlawfully attempted to eliminate competition from Novell #39;s WordPerfect and Quattro Pro applications.
'Gardening' costs Appleby -- in spades HAVEN, Wis. -- For 18 holes, Stuart Appleby played flawless golf in yesterday's third round, four birdies and 14 pars. It wasn't until he was done playing that he discovered that it wasn't as good a day as he had thought, that he had made a quadruple bogey.
Rugby: No All Blacks in IRB player of year list New Zealand names were absent from the list of five nominees for the International Rugby Board #39;s player of the year announced on Wednesday.
Insiders Weigh Prospect Of Wireless Spam A law banning spam delivered to wireless devices goes into effect next month. But is it necessary? By Thomas Claburn. In less than a month, it will be illegal to send commercial messages to any Internet domain
Argentina rejects IMF intervention In the face of sharp disagreements between Argentina and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), on August 8 the Argentine government decided to temporarily suspend negotiations with ...
Google Goes Mobile with SMS Google has launched a search service for mobile devices, based on the SMS (short messaging service) protocol. Users can perform searches for phone numbers, dictionary definitions and product
J.C. Penney Same-Store Sales Rise 2 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - J.C. Penney Co. Inc. said on Thursday\its September sales at department stores open at least a year\rose 2 percent.
Ad Network Monitors Web Habits Tacoda, an online marketing company, plans to announce the creation of a network of 60 Web sites that will display ads based on how people surf through the network.
Kellogg #39;s Cuban-born CEO to lead Commerce Carlos Gutierrez, whose family fled Castro, will head administration efforts to revive the manufacturing sector. By Associated Press.
#39;Peg psychologist helps Ford focus ATHENS -- Of the 10,000 athletes in the Athens Olympics, David Ford may be the only one who brought his own personal psychologist.  quot;Probably, quot; Roger Friesen said.
US jets, artillery hit Fallujah American jets and artillery batteries launched attacks on the insurgent-held city of Fallujah yesterday, hitting targets in the run-up to what could be a major assault on the Sunni- dominated town.
Report: Johnson  amp; Johnson in talks to buy Guidant Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ), the drug and health care products company, is reportedly in advanced negotiations to buy Guidant (GDT), a leading maker of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses, for more than \$24 billion.
Emerging Debt on Lookout for Results, IMF  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Emerging debt spreads are likely to  trade in ranges early in the week ahead of Venezuela's bond  sale results and the IMF meeting late in the week.
Lycos calls off tactics to stop spam New York - The Web portal Lycos Europe on Friday terminated a spam-fighting campaign that had been criticized as a breach of Internet civility.
Iran angered but leaves door open for negotiations in nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Since being slapped with yet more criticism and tough demands from the UN nuclear watchdog, Iran has reacted with noisy indignation while still signalling its willingness to negotiate.
NVIDIA and Intel Agree November 19, 2004 - NVIDIA Corporation and Intel Corporation today announced that they have entered into a multi-year, cross-license agreement.
Retailers Seek To Block US Curbs on Chinese Textiles The New York-based Association of Importers of Textiles and Apparel argued the government #39;s Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements accepted petitions by textile makers based on arbitrary factors.
AU mediators try to break Darfur talks deadlock African Union mediators suspended Darfur peace talks on Saturday in order to plan a new resolution after failing to make the Sudanese government and Darfur rebels end a dispute over security issues.
Rescue Teams Aid Hurricane Charley Victims PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops were scattered across Florida to help residents rally from the brunt of Hurricane Charley, the worst storm to hit the state in a dozen years...
Unions-Alitalia OK Deal, Turnaround Plan  ROME (Reuters) - Clearing the way for a make-or-break  restructuring, unions at Italian airline Alitalia &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZPIa.MI target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZPIa.MI&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday agreed to unemployment packages for around 3,700  employees which would be largely paid for by the state.
Iran Promises UN It Will Suspend Uranium Enrichment (Update1) Iran told the United Nations nuclear watchdog that it agreed to a European Union deal to voluntarily stop uranium conversion from Nov. 22, to ward off US calls that the Islamic Republic
MSA welcome British GP deal. The Motor Sports Association, the governing body of motorsport in the UK, has welcomed yesterday #39;s announcement that a deal has been agreed to keep the British Grand Prix at Silverstone for the next five years.
Yahoo introducing new search engine tools Internet giant Yahoo is introducing new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.
Expedition 10 Crew Successfully Launches Into Space (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A fresh space station crew and one visiting cosmonaut are on\their way to the International Space Station (ISS) after their Soyuz rocket\pierced the skies above Kazakhstan during a flawless launch today.
Shiites Reject Delay of Election Iraq #39;s Shiite Muslim parties and the religious leadership headed by Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani on Saturday rejected a demand by other communities for a delay in nationwide elections scheduled for Jan.
Jailed Leader to Run for Arafat's Job (AP) AP - Marwan Barghouti, a fiery Palestinian leader serving multiple life terms in an Israeli prison, indicated Thursday that he is running for Yasser Arafat's position as head of the Palestinian Authority, defying the traditional leadership and scrambling the political picture ahead of the Jan. 9 election.
Tensions rise as Ukraine poll nears LEONID KUCHMA, the Ukrainian President, cancelled a visit to Poland at the last minute and appealed for calm yesterday because of mounting tension in the week before an election to choose his successor.
Science prize celebrates fish flatulence, hula hoops That #39;s assuming the Scottish Association for Marine Science is correct in its conclusion that the tiny fish communicate via strategic gas releases, one of the scientific breakthroughs recognized in the 2004  quot;Ig Nobel quot; Prizes.
Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Arrive  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Foreign doctors rushed to  Yasser Arafat's side on Thursday to tend to the seriously ill  Palestinian leader, who for decades has symbolized his people's  struggle for statehood.
Studies: Arctic Thaw Threatens Livelihoods According to the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment, the  quot;Arctic climate is now warming rapidly and much larger changes are projected.
Horse tested positive for banned drugs DUBLIN, Ireland -- An equestrian doping scandal could cost Ireland its only gold medal from the Athens Olympics. Cian O #39;Connor won the individual show jumping gold aboard Waterford Crystal, but the horse was
Vikings 35, Cowboys 17 Culpepper threw a career-high five touchdown passes, two to Randy Moss, and led the Vikings to a 35-17 victory over the Cowboys on Sunday afternoon.
Smart Phone Market Growing More Crowded (AP) AP - The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a Nokia phone-organizer for mobile business professionals.
UPDATE 1-Soft landing for China economy not yet assured-IMF A soft landing for China #39;s booming economy was not yet a sure thing, the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday, despite a raft of measures by Beijing to slow investment in overheated sectors.
Hostages walk free in Iraq TWO truck drivers from Bangladesh and Sri Lanka kidnapped in Iraq by the same militant group that claims to be holding two French journalists have been released by their captors, officials said today.
Pollock joins elite list of Test all rounders Calcutta, India - South Africa #39;s Shaun Pollock became only the fifth player in Test history to take 300 wickets and score 3 000 runs on the fifth day of the second and final Test against India on Thursday.
Takeover Protesters Hold Up Manchester United Reserve Team Game Manchester United #39;s reserve team match against Birmingham yesterday was held up for three minutes when 30 protesters entered the field holding a Not for Sale #39; #39; banner, the English Premiership team said on its Web site.
Paris govt. offices slowly switching to open-source software Local government offices in the French capital will be moving to open source software, but they #39;ll be doing it slowly. An independent study showed that a switch to open source would cause  quot;significant
Saudi Resist OPEC Quota Increase (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC is keeping its foot to the pedal on\production in a bid to drag down oil prices but may be\reluctant to rubber-stamp extra supplies by lifting official\output limits, Saudi Arabia said on Tuesday.
Art for effluent society? Rubbish LONDON: A bag of rubbish was thrown away at London #39;s Tate gallery after a cleaner assumed it was just that -- a bag of rubbish.
Nokia Announces Fashion Phones: Nokia 7280, 7270 and 7260 Nokia launched three new phones at a major fashion event that might just match the clothing, purse or jewelry you are wearing. According to the press release: The sleek and sexy Nokia 7280 offers a completely
Judge not, lest ye be judged Athens, Greece - In response to two scoring controversies that overshadowed the best US gymnastics performance in Olympic history, an official with the sport #39;s international governing body says it will review judging procedures and the rule book that
Vector takes \$877m share in NGC AGL has agreed to sell its majority shareholding to Vector at \$3.00 per share - a deal worth \$877.4 million in total. Bloomberg noted that NGC would provide Vector with North Island gas pipelines, adding to
UK Sept. Manufacturing Index Falls, Costs Increase (Update2) UK manufacturing growth unexpectedly weakened to the slowest pace in 14 months in September as surging oil prices boosted costs, a survey of purchasing managers showed.
Black Watch prepares to fly home for Christmas Black Watch troops are preparing to fly home to Britain to be reunited with their families in time for Christmas. The 850 strong battle group pulled out of Camp Dogwood and returned to Basra yesterday, marking the end of their month long mission.
S.Africa: Guest Aristide Not Behind Haiti Mayhem  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa rounded on Haiti's  interim leader Monday, dismissing accusations it was allowing  Haiti's ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide to coordinate a  violent uprising from exile in South Africa.
Iran Says Uranium Facility Almost Complete (AP) AP - A uranium conversion facility in Iran is nearing completion, a top official said Sunday, only days after European countries offered a deal in which Iran would reportedly have to give up all nuclear activities.
Microsoft Corp. 2.0: a kinder corporate culture Even a genius can mess up. Bill Gates was a brilliant technologist when he cofounded Microsoft , but as he guided it to greatness in both size and historical consequence, he blundered. He terrorized underlings with his temper and parceled out praise like Scrooge gave to charity. Only the lash inspired the necessary aggressiveness to beat the competition, he thought.
Wadlow, Spaulding finally get a windfall ATHENS -- The fastest 49er on the Saronic Gulf yesterday was the one with the American flag spinnaker.
Chargers' Tomlinson Returns to Practice (AP) AP - Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson practiced for the first time this week Friday and is listed as probable for Sunday's game at New Orleans.
Pilot accord might aid Delta The battered shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. surged nearly 9 percent yesterday after its pilots agreed to salary cuts to try to help the ailing carrier avoid
Experts Calculate Risk of Uncontrolled Hubble Re-entry (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - If NASA's Hubble Space Telescope (HST) fireballs into Earth's atmosphere on its own, the reentry of that massive orbiting observatory violates the space agency's own safety standard.
MGM Deal Brings Sony Closer to Its Vision  TOKYO (Reuters) - With its acquisition of Hollywood film  studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Sony Corp is one step closer to its  vision of linking hardware and content, and to winning the key  battle for the next generation DVD.
Hudson Handcuffs O's Jermaine Dye began the fireworks in the sixth with a two-run home run and Tim Hudson baffled the Orioles as Oakland rolled, 11-0, Tuesday.
Ex-Finance Exec Convicted of Wiretapping (AP) AP - The former chairman of consumer finance giant Takefuji Corp. was convicted of ordering the wiretapping of the home phone of a journalist who had written articles critical of the company, an official said Wednesday.
Deutsche Post Sees a Big DHL US Loss Germany #39;s Deutsche Post AG said losses at its US express and logistics business will be 200 million euros (\$246.1 million) greater than expected this year, sending its shares down over 4 percent.
Wash. State Team's Private Rocket Explodes (AP) AP - A team taking a low-budget stab at the  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize for private manned spaceflight suffered a setback Sunday, when their rocket malfunctioned and exploded after shooting less than 1,000 feet in the air.
Uniform Snafu Delays US Bronze Medal Basketball Game The men #39;s Olympic bronze medal basketball game on Saturday between the United States and Lithuania was delayed after both teams showed up at the Olympic Indoor Hall wearing their home white uniforms, officials said.
Microsoft CFO: Expect us to make more big acquisitions PALO ALTO, Calif. --Microsoft Corp. may make more large acquisitions than it has done historically and become a more distributed company as opposed to moving key employees to its Redmond, Washington, headquarters, Chief Financial Officer John Connors said Monday.
Digital radio sales 13m 'by 2008' Thirteen million digital radios will be sold in the UK by the end of 2008, industry body DRDB predicts.
Cabinet holds talks on troops plan The Cabinet is to discuss plans to send soldiers from the Black Watch to support American forces around Baghdad, amid reports that more British troops could soon be on their way to Iraq.
Bush names new commerce secretary, expects to change economic team US President George W. Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez as his new commerce secretary to succeed Donald Evans, who announced his resignation shortly after Bush won reelection early this month.
Continental seeking \$500 million in cuts Continental Airlines said Thursday it is seeking \$500 million more in cuts in wages and benefit reductions. The company said the move is necessary - on top of more than \$1.1 billion in
Claussen roughed up by Cubs com. The Cincinnati southpaw suffered his fifth straight loss Monday, a 12-5 thrashing at the hands of the Cubs, in the opener of a four-game series with Chicago before a crowd of 38,984 at Wrigley Field.
Swept under the carpet The Taba attack is no longer hot news, and the tourism minister says business won #39;t be affected. Egypt #39;s minister of tourism, Ahmed El-Maghrabi, is brimming with incautious optimism.
Can Skype remain more than free phone hype? The first-year growth rate for the Net phone start-up was "sky high." Now it has to avoid a sophomore jinx.
AMD Tries To Compete With Intel By Releasing Athlon 64 3000 AMD has expanded its family of low-voltage mobile processors designed to offer high performance, security and mobility for thin and light notebooks.
Darfur Mediators Demand Respect of Cease-fire African Union mediators at peace talks for Sudan #39;s Darfur region say there has been an escalation of cease-fire violations during the past three months, and that these must stop before a comprehensive peace accord can be reached.
NHL expected to reject union proposal Gary Bettman and the NHL return to the negotiating table with the players #39; association today in Toronto, but the league is expected to formally reject the offer made by the union last Thursday.
Ten Colombian Police Die in Marxist Rebel Ambush &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Ten Colombian police officerswere killed on Tuesday in an ambush by the National LiberationArmy, or ELN, in the worst attack by the Marxist group inyears, authorities told Reuters.&lt;/p&gt;
Marshall Coach Apologizes for Remark (AP) AP - Marshall coach Bob Pruett will not be reprimanded for calling the Ohio State football team "a bunch of Mandingos," a comment some thought could be offensive to blacks.
Feds snare 103 in Internet crime fight WASHINGTON - A summerlong effort targeting Internet crime has resulted in 103 arrests and 53 convictions on charges including use of  quot;spam quot; e-mail to steal credit card numbers, computer hacking and online fraud, Justice Department officials said Thursday.
Earnings reports, holidays, will put focus on retailers There will be plenty of discussion on Wall Street about December and shopping this week as top retailers report their earnings. The third quarter was rough for retailers, with
GM workers on strike against 12,000 job cut GERMANY - European factories of General Motors Inc. launched a massive strike protesting against the planned major job cuts. The automaker has recently released its plans to reduce the number of jobs by 12
Iraq #39;s Sadr militia to begin disarming The Iraqi government and US army expressed cautious optimism on Sunday about radical Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr #39;s deal to disarm his militia in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City.
British hostage deadline passes The family of a Briton held hostage in Iraq are waiting for news after a deadline set by his captors passed. On Saturday, the kidnappers said they would kill Ken Bigley, from Liverpool, and two Americans unless
Colombia backs off claim Bush was targeted BOGOTA -- Colombia's government backpedaled yesterday on a sensational claim made by the defense minister that Marxist rebels wanted to assassinate President Bush during a recent state visit.
Healthy Iverson Vows Changes This Season (AP) AP - Allen Iverson declared Monday that he is 100 percent and promised to be a better leader and teammate.
A #39;s stagger home up by one It was the most difficult pitching change Ken Macha has ever made in his life. Giving a quick hook to Mark Mulder, whose baffling slump is showing no signs of ending
NBA Wrap: McGrady Leads Rockets to Stunning Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tracy McGrady hit a running 3-pointer  with 1.7 seconds left on the clock to give the Houston Rockets  a dramatic 81-80 win over the San Antonio Spurs in National  Basketball Association play Thursday in Houston.
Princess Anne in Cyprus to encourage Olympic competitors (AFP) AFP - Princess Anne was in Cyprus to pay a royal morale-boosting visit to Britain's Olympic athletes training on the Mediterranean island before heading off to the Athens Games.
Expos Beat Marlins 10-4 to Sweep Twinbill (AP) AP - Tony Batista and Val Pascucci hit three-run homers to lift the Montreal Expos to a 10-4 victory and a doubleheader sweep of the Florida Marlins on Wednesday.
Harmony shareholder vote on bid looms The vote by the shareholders of world number four gold miner Harmony on the group #39;s bid for rival Gold Fields on late Friday morning is crucial to the continuation of Harmony #39;s daring bid.
First Popularly-Elected Afghan President Urges Iraqis to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Less than a week after he was formally inaugurated as Afghanistan #39;s first popularly-elected president, Hamid offered words of advice for the people of Iraq, who are preparing to go to the polls next month.
Eisner takes the stand:  #39;I was not in this alone #39; Walt Disney Co. CEO Michael Eisner tried to turn back years of criticism Monday by insisting that he was neither rash nor selfish in hiring friend Michael Ovitz as president in October 1995.
Microsoft sets 2006 release for  quot;Longhorn quot; operating system WASHINGTON : Microsoft said it plans to broadly release the long-awaited update to its flagship Windows operating system, dubbed  quot;Longhorn, quot; in 2006.
IETF deals setback to Microsoft antispam effort SEPTEMBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - An antispam technology proposed by Microsoft Corp. as a standard way of identifying the senders of e-mail messages suffered a blow last week when a group within the
Agreement Reached on Guillen Suspension  OAKLAND, Calif. (Sports Network) - On the day that Jose  Guillen and the Anaheim Angels were to appear in front of an  arbitrator, the two sides reached an undisclosed financial  settlement Friday.
Global oil prices zoom to record highs Global crude oil prices, which shot up to record highs on Monday, continued to rule at the same level of close to \$54 a barrel. Following the nationwide strike that began in Nigeria to protest against high
Train Accident in Philippines Leaves 10 Dead, 100 Wounded The number of deaths related to a train derailment yesterday in the Philippines has been increased to ten. 100 people were injured as well.
Victory for Barrichello The Brazilian, who took pole position yesterday with Formula Ones fastest-ever qualifying lap, beat Ferrari team-mate Schumacher by 1.3 seconds to the delight of thousands of their passionate home fans.
McAfee unveils 2005 security suite Security software maker has released updated versions of its offerings for home computer users.\
Didn #39;t Take Long: IBM Regains Supercomputing Crown IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L supercomputer has recaptured the speed record briefly held by Silicon Graphics Columbia system. Blue Gene/L, which is being installed at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, hit 70.
Indonesia urges OPEC to raise benchmark price Indonesia is likely to ask the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) during its scheduled meeting later this week to revise upward its crude oil price band so
LUKoil-Conoco Deal Opens Way to Iraq In the country #39;s biggest-ever privatization auction, ConocoPhillips on Wednesday paid nearly \$2 billion for a 7.59 percent stake in LUKoil, sealing a strategic alliance between the oil majors and revitalizing energy ties between Russia and the United
Economies Not Yet Dented by Oil Prices  LONDON (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers and Chancellor  Schroeder of Germany, which is a prominent consumer, agree that  the remorseless rise in the price of crude has so far had  little impact on global economic growth.
Security Beyond Antivirus Programs (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It happens all the time to unlucky or unwise Windows users: A new computer crashes and burns after a crippling virus or worm attack. But things can fall apart inside a new PC without such outside help; everyday use can cause a slower form of rot that eventually hobbles the system as thoroughly as a virus might.
Airline to charge \$10 for buying tickets NEW YORK To the long list of things that used to be free but that airlines now want you to pay for, add walking up to the counter to buy a ticket.
AT T looks into closing Windows A team of researchers is evaluating how Linux and Mac OS X stack up against Windows for internal use.
Italians Oppose Marriage, Adoption for Gays (Reuters) Reuters - Italians largely oppose gay marriage with\61 percent rejecting homosexual wedlock and even more opposed\to adoption for same-sex couples, a poll on Sunday showed.
Tigers sign LHP Walker DETROIT (Ticker) - The Detroit Tigers on Friday agreed to terms on a one-year contract with lefthander Jamie Walker. Financial terms of the deal, which also includes a club option for 2006, were not disclosed.
World Series preview - NL  The Cardinals won a major league best 105 games, andfinished 13 games ahead of second-place Houston in the National League Central.
Intel intros new Pentium 4 for desktop replacements A new version of the Pentium 4 aimed at the  #39;desktop replacement #39; market has been introduced by Intel. The snappily named Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor 548 supporting HT Technology runs at 3.33GHz and is
Hollins Coaches Fourth Game for Grizzlies (AP) AP - Lionel Hollins coached the Memphis Grizzlies again Wednesday night, uncertain if it would be his final game at the helm.
Washington Post Details Ex-Uri Party Head #39;s Downfall The resignation of Uri Party chairman Shin Ki-nam after disclosures that his father was a Japanese collaborator is an example showing that the memory of Japanese imperialism is still alive in China and South Korea, the Washington Post reported on Friday.
FDA Officer Suggests Strict Curbs on 5 Drugs A veteran Food and Drug Administration safety officer said yesterday at a Senate hearing on the abrupt recall of the arthritis drug Vioxx that five other widely used drugs should either be
Venezuela's Chavez Vows Tougher Land Reform (Reuters) Reuters - Venezuela's President Hugo\Chavez, emboldened by a recent referendum victory, on Sunday\promised tougher land redistribution as he pressed ahead with\the "revolutionary" reforms at the heart of the nation's\political conflict.
Some fans pledge to do Martha #39;s time Supporters at the Web site SaveMartha! (www.save martha.com) have pledged to serve Martha Stewart #39;s five-month prison sentence for her convictions on charges of obstruction of justice and lying to federal investigators.
Another medal, two records ATHENS -- Attention, ladies and gentlemen. For his next act, Michael Phelps will break an Olympic record, hurry to the warm-down pool for a swim, run to the locker room, pull on a warm-up suit, walk out to the pool deck and take part in ...
Kansas City Lineman Catches Heat From ND (AP) AP - All he said was, "Jordan Black, Dallas Christian High School." That was more than enough to upset many Notre Dame fans.
Henry Acknowledges Irish Threat France striker Thierry Henry believes the Republic of Ireland pose a real threat to his nations hopes of reaching the World Cup finals.
VeRO: eBay's version of the DMCA My wife's friend  Lisa (not her real name) just had her eBay account suspended for selling unopened Juice Plus vitamins on eBay. You know, like Flintstone's chewables, but more expensive and poorer tasting (snake oil). We're not talking about a prescription product of any kind. Vitamins and herbal supplements are considered food products in the USA.  eBay, under their VeRO program, allowed Juice Plus to kill her auctions under the pretence of protecting their intellectual property rights and a few days later eBay suspended her account entirely.
NBA Ratifies Referees Five-Year Contract (AP) AP - NBA referees have entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with the league, removing the possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming season.
Sony, Matsushita to launch Blu-ray disc camcorders in 2005 TOKYO - Proponents of the Blu-ray disc standard for next-generation DVD players plan to release camcorders that will record on smaller versions of the discs as early as 2005, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported Thursday.
No. 9 Tenn. Tops Louisiana Tech 70-59 (AP) AP - Alexis Hornbuckle scored 17 points for ninth-ranked Tennessee, which beat Louisiana Tech 70-59 Wednesday night to give the Lady Techsters consecutive losses at home for the first time in 14 seasons.
Protester dies under atomic train An anti-nuclear protester  dies after his leg is severed by a train carrying atomic waste from France to Germany.
Pfizer Profit Up, Warns of Patent Lapses (Reuters) Reuters - Pfizer Inc.  on Wednesday said\third-quarter earnings rose on higher sales of cholesterol and\arthritis drugs, but the company cautioned that 2005 results\will likely be hurt by generic competition for four other\popular medicines.
Krispy Kreme Stock Tumbles Amid Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators have  ratcheted up their probe of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt;, looking at its franchise repurchases, the company said  on Friday, triggering a slide of nearly 12 percent in its stock  before the bell.
Viacom Profit Rises on CBS Ads; Plans \$8 Bln Buyback (Update9) Viacom Inc., the third-largest US media company, said third-quarter profit from continuing operations rose 12 percent, boosted by advertising gains at CBS and MTV.
Update 4: Japan, China Leaders Agree to Meeting The leaders of Japan and China agreed to a one-on-one meeting on the sidelines of a summit, overcoming a diplomatic impasse between the Asian powers that have been increasingly at odds.
GOP Seeks More Time for Military Ballots (AP) AP - Under pressure from military voters and Republicans, Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell said Friday that he will ask a federal judge to extend the deadline for counting overseas ballots by one week.
Cyclist fails test for blood Tyler Hamilton, the Olympic time-trial champion, faces the possible loss of his gold medal depending on the outcome of a second sample analysis after confirmation yesterday that he had failed a test intended to detect the use of blood transfusions to
Need a job? Get a card - arresting ID pitch to business &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Redefining voluntary again...
Hub spoke at OracleWorld com December 6, 2004, 2:13 PM PT. This priority jumped up two spots into second place as CRM returns into the spotlight among top software initiatives alongside directory services and open source.
EU drafts Iran nuclear timetable EU states draw up new plans to keep track of Iran's nuclear programme in a move unlikely to satisfy Washington.
\$500 Million Frozen in IRS Crackdown in Doctors #39; Tax Case A federal judge has temporarily frozen more than \$500 million in assets owned by thousands of doctors and dentists who bought abusive tax shelters run by a San Diego investment company, the Justice Department announced yesterday.
Air Societal Concerns To Fill Innovation Gaps Radio-frequency identification is a technology that #39;s touted as the replacement for the bar code. These postage-stamp-size RFID tags contain a tiny microchip that #39;s smaller than a grain of sand and capable of storing information.
UK Music Industry to sue 28 persistent file sharers The BBC has today reported that 28 UK file sharers are to be sued by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). The BPI warned in March it would take legal action against users of peer-to-peer music services
Neiman Marcus Selling Zeppelin for \$10M DALLAS - What do you get for that special someone who has just about everything? How about a personal zeppelin? The 12-seater could be yours for a mere \$10 million from the 2004 Neiman Marcus Christmas Book.    Other gifts in the book include a \$1.7 million winged submarine, jeweled Mr...
Hardee #39;s September sales up 5 on new products New products helped push Hardee #39;s Food Systems Inc. #39;s sales up 5.1 percent in the four weeks ended Oct. 4, its parent company said Wednesday.
Virgin Group to launch US online music service LOS ANGELES, California, United States of America - Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group said Monday it was jumping into online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; for US customers offering song downloads for 99 cents.
Update 1: Regal #39;s Profit Down on Lower Receipts Regal Entertainment Group, the country #39;s largest owner of movie theaters, Tuesday said its profit fell 37 percent in the third quarter, as box office receipts slipped.
Some Light Shed on Panel Decision to Deny Aid to United Members of a federal loan board said they felt United Airlines bid for \$1.6 billion in assistance was based on a faulty business plan.
UPS misses Wall Street forecast NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - United Parcel Service posted improved third-quarter earnings but the results still missed forecasts on Wall Street.
Pakistani journalists selling national interest: Sultan PESHAWAR: Pakistan Army spokesman Major General Shaukat Sultan on Friday accused Pakistani journalists of selling the national interest in return for a few hundred dollars, while
Answers.com: Get to know more than one browser In the past, I have taken great pride in informing you, my readers, about new and cutting-edge technology. Sometimes it is also necessary to re-examine existing or older technologies.
Making a case for Tippett Andre Tippett belongs. He may not end up in Canton, Ohio, at a Pro Football Hall of Fame induction ceremony, as he should, but he belongs there.The preliminary list of 89 nominees for the Hall of Fame was released last week, and it included three names of local interest: Tippett, ex-Patriot tackle Leon Gray, and Waltham High and Boston College ...
Flying High on the Web A new study shows airline and hotel websites may sell better than online travel agencies. Who knew?
MMO2 lifts revenue target for UK Mobile phone operator MMO2 raises its UK revenue growth target for this year as it gets more customers and existing users spend more.
Saudi Forces Kill Suspected Militant (AP) AP - Saudi security forces killed a suspected militant in the Red Sea city of Jeddah on Saturday and confiscated weapons in his possession, the Saudi Interior Ministry said.
Schlumberger Posts Profit But Shares Fall  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Schlumberger Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SLB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SLB.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest oilfield services company, on Friday posted a  third-quarter profit but weakness in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico  and a pullback in its Russian operations weighed on shares.
Helicopter Crash, Bombing Add to US Death Toll BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Two US Army helicopters crashed in Baghdad on Saturday, killing two soldiers, as the military reported that four other American troops had died in car bombings elsewhere in Iraq.
Coach moves on after taking USC nowhere What happened to Henry Bibby at USC is that, for the first time in his basketball life, he stayed in one place too long. Fired Monday and replaced by assistant Jim Saia for the interim, Bibby
Feature: A New IDEA in Air Quality Monitoring Combining the assets of NASA and the EPA with NOAA's weather information is at the heart of a new NASA project called IDEA:\ Infusing Satellite Data into Environmental Air Quality Applications. IDEA will improve forecasters' ability to track regional pollution and make air quality forecasts.
Insurer Jardine issues warning Shares in the UK #39;s largest insurance broker Jardine Lloyd Thompson (JLT) have taken a tumble after the firm issued a profits warning.
US edge second day of UBS Cup A mix-up between Gary Player and Mark McNulty, where they played the wrong ball, allowed the US to edge into a 6-1/2 to 5-1/2 lead over the Rest of the World in the UBS Cup on Saturday.
India urged to grasp opportunity for peace: Rashid believes Osama &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KARACHI, Sept 10: Pakistan will go extra mile for the success of composite dialogue with India, on all issues including Kashmir, and will do nothing to vitiate the environment for normalization of relations.
Nationwide drinks the ITIL Kool-Aid As one of the early U.S. adopters of the ITIL best practices framework, Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company learned some key lessons on how to get the most out of ITIL. We talked with two Nationwide executives to get their perspective on how to approach deploying the ITIL framework across a large organization.
Kerry Promises Protection for Consumers (AP) AP - With promises to curb credit card fees and protect home buyers and military families from unfair lending practices, Democratic candidate John Kerry is making a pitch aimed squarely at voters' checkbooks.
Calif. to Post Details on Sex Offenders on Internet (Reuters) Reuters - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed\a law on Friday that would post information on sex offenders on\the Internet, giving Californians easier access to details on\violators.
Ricky slams Kiwi  #39;myth #39; RICKY PONTING believes cricket watchers have fallen for the  quot;myth quot; that New Zealand know the secret to rattling Australia ahead of tonight #39;s sudden-death Champions Trophy clash at The Oval.
HD PC: Cheaper Than High-Def TV A new device that costs a couple hundred bucks can turn the home office into a high-definition media center. It's a start anyway, and far less expensive than coughing up for a television setup.
Bird flu transmitted between humans in Thailand A 26-year-old Thai woman who died of acute pneumonia on 20 September was a probable case of human-to-human transmission of the H5N1 bird flu virus, the Thai Ministry of Public Health confirmed on Tuesday.
Afghan, US Soldiers Killed in Clashes in Khost Province The US military says an American soldier was killed in attack in eastern Afghanistan, the third US soldier to die in the country this week.
Swedes Launch Scientific Research Rocket (AP) AP - A Swedish Space Corp. sounding rocket successfully carried eight scientific experiments into the edge of space on Monday.
Israeli Tank Fire Hurts 3 in Gaza -- Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli tank fire wounded at least three\Palestinians in the northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday,\witnesses said.
Asteroid Close Encounter Coming Wednesday Tumbling through space like a fumbled football, a peanut-shaped asteroid named 4179 Toutatis is expected to pass within a million miles (1.6 million kilometers) of Earth on Wednesday.
Suicide bomber kills seven US Marines A suicide attacker sped up to a US military convoy near Fallujah and detonated an explosives-packed vehicle yesterday, killing seven Marines and three Iraqi soldiers, US military officials said.
FCC nears Cingular, AT amp;T decision (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - A commissioner said the agency would rule on the wireless merger within weeks, allowing an October closing.
Colombia Troops Being Hired for Iraq Jobs Recruiters working for U.S. contractors are hiring former Colombian soldiers - and even luring some active-duty ones - for security jobs in Iraq, says a former army officer who met with the recruiters.
Rookies Wait it Out The wait already has been longer than expected for Eli Manning and Philip Rivers, the top two quarterbacks selected in the NFL draft in April.
Cavs to let injury-prone Wagner become free agent CLEVELAND -- Guard Dajuan Wagner will become a free agent after this season because the Cleveland Cavaliers declined their \$3.4 million contract option for 2005-06 on Friday.
Job creation falls short of forecasts The nation added 96,000 jobs in September, a weaker-than-expected figure that could play a pivotal role in the presidential election.
Fallujah negotiator refuses to resume talks The negotiator for the militant Shiite stronghold of Fallujah was freed from US custody today but refused to resume peace talks. Sheik Khaled al-Jumeili said they will remain suspended as a protest against
Tiger pays for failing to make the kill It was not the year of the Tiger. He #39;s off to the Far East now, for a couple of events there. Then it #39;s back to the US for a skins game in the California desert.
Tufts' field hockey post is a good fit for McDavitt Autumn has been a busy time of year for Fred and Ellen McDavitt, with all three daughters having played field hockey ever since an aunt provided the family with a sack of field hockey sticks more than 15 years ago.
Licensing game means betting on a winner In souvenir trailers spread throughout Homestead-Miami Speedway, thousands of Nextel Cup champion T-shirts and hats are sitting in boxes.
Cendant buying Orbitz.com in \$1.25B deal Travel and hospitality company Cendant Corp. today announced plans to acquire online travel vendor Orbitz.com for approximately \$1.25 billion.
Siemens to extend mobile network for Chinese province of Anhui Anhui Mobile Communications, a subsidiary of China Mobile, has commissioned the Siemens Communications Group to expand the GSM and GPRS mobile network in the province of Anhui.
Goodbye Gaza Ariel Sharon is often presented outside of Israel as simply a belligerent and uncompromising political hawk and thus an obstacle to the Middle East peace process.
IBM puts PC business up for sale IBM, the company that invented the PC, has put its PC business up for sale, according to the New York Times, and is in discussions with China #39;s largest maker of personal computers, Lenovo Group (formerly Legend Group), and at least one other potential
Four sentenced for online porn Four men were sentenced to termed imprisonment Thursday in Beijing for creating and profiting from pornographic websites. Liang Hongbin, Li Yufei, Yu Jianhong, and Chen Dong #39;s pornographic
Palestinian Leader Contests Annexing Talk (AP) AP - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas, the leading contender to succeed Yasser Arafat, said Friday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's hope of annexing West Bank settlements and keeping all of Jerusalem in a final peace deal is a disaster that could torpedo efforts to restart peace talks.
2 Arrested in Alleged NYC Subway Bomb Plot NEW YORK - Two men have been arrested in connection with an alleged plot to bomb a subway station in midtown Manhattan, sources said early Saturday.    At least one of the men may have an affiliation with a terrorist organization, according to two law enforcement sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity...
Schaefer, Ehrlich Spar Over Tax Shelter Maryland Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. is considering a plan to reopen a large corporate tax loophole the General Assembly closed over his objections this year, according to state tax officials.
US top court to weigh in on file sharing It #39;s a key argument in the use of file-sharing services -- and it #39;s one that the United States Supreme Court says it will take up.
You don #39;t use a yardstick to measure grit ATHENS, Greece  Grit is now available in an economy size. It can be found in Carly Patterson, and in spades.
Afghans arrest 2 Taliban commanders KABUL, Afghanistan -- Information from a man caught in a vehicle loaded with explosives led to the arrests of two senior Taliban military commanders, including a former security chief of the hard-line regime's leader, Mullah Omar, an official said yesterday.
Aid sought for storm damage Officials yesterday sought international help to rebuild villages ravaged by back-to-back storms that left 566 persons dead and 546 missing in mostly poor northern agricultural regions.
MUNICH, Germany--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept 13, 2004-- Le nouveau &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The product, which has the smallest active area foot print in the industry (4 mm(2)), has ultra low power consumption of only 350mW, and exceeds XFP Rev.
Phelps Will End Olympics Cheering for Team ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps doesn't mind making history while sitting in the stands. The man who dominated the attention at the Olympic pool gave up a coveted spot on the 400-meter medley relay team to Ian Crocker...
U.S. to File WTO Case Against Airbus Subsidies  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States said it will file  on Wednesday a World Trade Organization complaint over what it  called "unfair" European subsidies to aircraft manufacturer  Airbus, the European rival of U.S.-based Boeing.
Internet pirates 'cost software firm hundreds of millions' of dollars (AFP) AFP - Athens police said they had arrested a Greek citizen who pirated and sold a computer software program, costing the multinational company that owned its copyright hundreds of million of dollars (euros).
Government Uses Color Laser Printer Technology to Track Documents Practice embeds hidden, traceable data in every printed page.
Agni-II missile test-fired India today successfully test-fired its longer-range missile Agni-II from the Integrated Test Range on the Wheelers Island in the Bay of Bengal off the Orissa coast, defence sources said.
Ill-fated '95 hiring haunts Disney CEO search HOLLYWOOD, Calif. -- As Walt Disney Co. directors meet today to start grappling with the process of replacing chief executive Michael Eisner, one man who has not roamed the halls in eight years is casting his shadow.
Arizona seat-belt use at 95, tops in nation Arizona leads the nation in seat-belt use, according to a federal survey, news that means fewer injuries and deaths on the road and possibly lower insurance rates, according to one state official.
LifePoint to Buy Rival for \$1 Bln LifePoint Hospitals has agreed to acquire rival Province Healthcare for \$1.125 billion in cash and stock to broaden its geographic reach.
Moscow weighs ruble priorities Russia is struggling to decide whether it should focus more on fighting inflation to keep goods affordable for consumers or on restraining the ruble to support local producers, the deputy prime minister, Alexander Zhukov, said Monday.
Next step for iPod: 80GB? com December 14, 2004, 11:07 AM PT. Toshiba, whose tiny hard drives power Apple Computer #39;s hit iPod music players, announced that it has produced an 80GB model.
Faulty Sensors May Explain Capsule Crash The crash of a capsule last month was likely to have been caused by a design flaw that led to the sensors that were to deploy the capsule's parachutes being pointed in the wrong direction, a NASA investigatory panel reported.
Microsoft to join battle of the beats with music store Expect Microsoft to announce its long-anticipated foray into the online music business this week, raising the competitive stakes for the current market leader, Apple.
Loss of teams, but not power Jay Wright has heard this before. The Villanova coach is in his third season at the Wildcats #39; helm, and this is the third time he #39;s heard that the Big East is in decline.
US loses 400,000 IT jobs America saw 403, 300 hi-tech jobs disappear between April 2001 and April 2004. More than half the jobs lost were lost after the recession was pronounced officially over, by the National Bureau of Economic Research, in November 2001.
Mom Collects Big Game Organs for Science (AP) AP - Stephanie Bradford isn't content with her daughter dissecting frogs in science class. She wants the students to cut into the hearts and eyes of moose, caribou, bear and other large game.
Holcomb's return sparks Browns HOUSTON -- Kelly Holcomb's return to the lineup provided a lift to the Browns' punchless offense, and Cleveland surprised the Houston Texans with a thoroughly dominating effort in a 22-14 victory yesterday, breaking a nine-game losing streak.
A hunter is hunted down in 800 ATHENS Kelly Holmes has spent more than a decade chasing Maria Mutola. On Monday, when it mattered, she finally caught her. Since her first world title in 1993, Mutola, 31, has been the great predator of women #39;s middle distance running.
PalmSource buys into China, Linux com December 8, 2004, 7:53 AM PT. PalmSource, which makes software for mobile devices, said Wednesday that it has agreed to acquire China MobileSoft in a deal expected to expand the
Sven #39;s men shape up their Owen way DON #39;T think the Sven-Goran Eriksson formation team will keep performing the quickstep despite their cavalier style against Azerbaijan.
Parliamentary panel to probe Beslan tragedy : Apparently responding to wide public dismay over last week #39;s school hostage-taking, President Vladimir Putin on Friday agreed to formation of a parliamentary investigative commission.
Cisco, Fujitsu Team on High-End Routers The Cisco-Fujitsu alliance will benefit from Cisco #39;s leadership in IP technology and Fujitsu #39;s edge in networking products.
US Retail Gasoline Prices Rise; Diesel Sets Record (Update1) The average US retail price for regular-grade gasoline rose 4.2 cents the past week to \$2.035 a gallon and diesel reached a record as crude oil rallied to an all- time high.
PRODUCT REVIEW: a 'Cold' Soldering Iron (AP) AP - If you're looking for a good holiday gift for a tinkerer you can hardly give away anything more inventive than the Cold Heat soldering iron. It redesigns something that's been virtually unchanged for decades and does so by combining high-school level science and cheap materials.
'Retired' Rapper Finds a Job Atop Def Jam Proving yet again that he is the hardest-working retiree in music, the rap megastar Jay-Z has agreed to become the president of Universal Music Group's Def Jam Recordings label.
Napster founder Fanning returns to digital music world NEW YORK - Shawn Fanning, the man who founded file-swapping service Napster as a student five years ago, has resurfaced in the digital music world, with a new company that aims to bridge the divide between music labels and peer-to-peer networks.
European Stocks Rise as Oil Slips (Reuters) Reuters - A sharp fall in oil prices boosted\European stock markets and energy import-dependent Japan's yen\on Thursday, but depressed government bonds as investors\factored in a rosier economic outlook.
Terps open ACC tournament The No. 7-seeded Terrapin volleyball team begins its ACC championship defense tonight in Charlottesville, Va., against No. 10-seed Wake Forest.
Karzai turns to war on drugs and insurgents Freshly installed Afghan Pres-ident Hamid Karzai was gearing up yesterday to address tribal leaders on the need to eliminate this war-ravaged country #39;s booming drug trade, an aide said.
Background/ Arafat-free at last, Sharon hints at flexibility Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, convening his cabinet for the first time since the burial of his life nemesis Yasser Arafat, hinted at a measure of flexibility this week, signaling that Israel might allow East Jerusalem Arabs to vote in elections for a
Swedish Stock Exchange Halts Trading Trading in shares of Swedish health care company Gambro AB were halted Monday by the Stockholm Stock Exchange amid a report that a US company was poised to buy one of its units.
Cell Phones Increasingly Attractive To Hackers (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Early this month, several Web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. But those who downloaded the software found that it turned every icon on their cell phones' screens into a skull-and-crossbones and disabled their phones, so they could no longer send or receive text messages or access contact lists or calendars.
Oil prices drop for 4th day NEW YORK -- Oil prices plummeted below \$44 a barrel yesterday, sinking for the fourth consecutive day, as supply fears receded, gasoline futures plunged and profit- taking took over.
San Jose State football coach resigns San Jose, CA (Sports Network) - San Jose State head football coach Fitz Hill announced his resignation, effective at season #39;s end.
Darfur peace talks seek to break deadlock on key security issues (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ABUJA, Nigeria (AP) - Sudan's government and rebels wrapped up a first day of new peace talks Monday, trying to break a deadlock over security issues keeping aid workers from reaching hundreds of thousands of refugees in Sudan's western region of Darfur.
Bill Clinton Helps Launch Search Engine Former United States President Bill Clinton speaks at the conclusion of a forum titled New Thinking on Energy Policy: Meeting the Challenges of Security, Development, and Climate Change, at New York University in New York, Monday, Dec. 6, 2004.
Sony camera blends photos, video The company's latest digital camera includes advanced video features.
Three more Malaysians face bird flu checks Three children of a Malaysian vet have joined her in hospital for checks to see if they have bird flu, state media reported on Sunday.
UPDATE 2-Qwest posts quarterly loss after SEC settlement Qwest Communications International Inc. (QN: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 4 US local telephone company, on Thursday reported a third-quarter loss as it settled
Suu Kyi detention extended YANGON, Nov 29: The detention period of the Myanmar #39;s detained democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been extended by another year, her party officials said on Monday.
Radical Cleric Accepts Najaf Peace Plan NAJAF, Iraq - Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr accepted a peace plan Wednesday that would disarm his militia and remove them from their hideout in a revered shrine, raising hopes of resolving a crisis that has angered many of Iraq's majority Shiites and threatened to undermine the fledgling interim government.    But al-Sadr has made contradictory statements in the past, and aides to the cleric said he still wanted to negotiate details of the deal to end two weeks of fighting between his forces and U.S.-led troops...
India Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile India successfully test fired a long-range nuclear-capable Agni II missile off its eastern coast of Orissa Sunday, a defense ministry spokesman said.
McGrath celebrates 100th Test by punishing India #39;s top order Fast bowler Glenn McGrath celebrated his 100th Test appearance by sparking India #39;s top-order collapse Wednesday as Australia took charge of the third Test.
ALITALIA: YES TO PROVISION AGREEMENT, CTWU DOES NOT SIGN (AGI) - Rome, Oct. 6 - The agreement on the provisions for more than 3 thousand workers, which closes the Alitalia dispute, was reached during the night at the Prime Minister #39;s Office after a marathon no-stop.
US Forces Set for Imminent Assault on Falluja Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi (L) shakes hands with British Prime Minister Tony Blair (R) after talks in Brussels November 5, 2004 ahead of the second day of a EU summit.
PC chip vendors set sights on DVRs Digital video recorders (DVRs) and set-top boxes are shaping up as one of the early proving grounds for traditional PC chip companies tentatively wading into the consumer electronics market.
Intel Acquires Chip Designers From HP Intel Corp. has reached an agreement to hire hundreds of Hewlett-Packard Co. engineers who helped design the Itanium microprocessor, a massive joint project between the two technology companies since the early 1990s.
Huge pileup on Montreal highway kills one person and injures six others (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Flames shot several metres into the sky as a major pileup involving several semi-trailers killed one person Thursday, injured six others and caused traffic chaos on a busy highway.
Mauresmo vs. Davenport in Porsche GP final Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport won their semifinals in straight sets Saturday, setting up a No. 1 vs. No. 2 final at the Porsche Grand Prix.
Bears LB Urlacher Out With Calf Injury (AP) AP - Chicago Bears Pro Bowl linebacker Brian Urlacher will miss four to six weeks with a lower left leg injury sustained in Sunday's 19-17 win over the Tennessee Titans.
AMD extends chip deal with IBM A FILING WITH the Securities and Exchange Commission shows that AMD has extended its existing deal with IBM. According to Investors.
Save Silverstone: drivers . Scot Coulthard called for Formula One commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone to reach an agreement with the owners of Silverstone, the British Racing Drivers #39; Club (BRDC), to save the race from extinction.
Sudan Says Opposition Was Plotting Coup Attacks KHARTOUM, Sudan, Sept. 25 -- Sudanese authorities accused an opposition party Saturday of plotting to kill more than three dozen senior government officials and blow up key sites in the capital, where heavily armed troops were out in force for a second day.
SEC proposes plan to strengthen governance at stock exchanges WASHINGTON - Federal regulators on Tuesday proposed a plan to strengthen governance at the nation #39;s stock exchanges and move them toward separating their self-policing function from their business operations to ensure that they serve investors #39; interest.
Red Hat Spending \$23 Million For Ex-Netscape Security Solutions &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Red Hat to incorporate Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System into products to help customers integrate desktops with a networkwide set of computing services.
Rebel attacks hit Baghdad as Rumsfeld visits  quot;They know they cannot defeat us militarily. But they are hoping they can win the test of wills. It #39;s a battle of morale.
Hosts kick off 2006 finals They will will play the opening match on June 9, 2006, in Munich, although Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann had wanted to leave that honour to another team, preferably defending champions Brazil, provided they qualify.
Davenport Could Steal No. 1 Ranking This Week at WTA Moscow Five of the Top 6-ranked players on the WTA Tour compete this week at the Tier I stop in Moscow, though that could change with the possible withdrawal of top seed Amelie Mauresmo, who sustained a muscle pull in her leg Sunday, forcing her to pull from the
Pakistan: Arrests spoil major al-Qaida plot Pakistan has arrested at least five al-Qaida-linked terrorists who were plotting suicide attacks on government leaders and the US Embassy, officials announced Saturday.
Stocks Open Lower as Oil Climbs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Wednesday  with oil prices rebounding on fresh supply disruptions and  investors cautious before Friday's jobs figures amid concerns  of possible attacks and disruptions to the Republican party's  convention in New York.
Russia, Japan fail to make progress in peace talks (AFP) AFP - Russian President Vladimir Putin and Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi failed to make progress in a testy territorial dispute, only confirming their duty to solve the decades-long row.
Indonesia Peat Fires May Fuel Global Warming, Experts Say Indonesia's vast tropical peatlands, a bog of plant debris undisturbed for centuries until they were drained for cultivation, have become a perennial fire hazard and, a new study says, possibly a significant contributor to global warming.
Cowboys Trade The Dallas Cowboys today traded Antonio Bryant to the Cleveland Browns for Quincy Morgan. Both former second-round picks have shown flashes of being NFL stars.
Netherlands CSM Sells Candy Operations Dutch bakery ingredients company CSM NV said Thursday it will sell its candy business to investment company CVC Capital Partners Ltd.
Phillies to meet with Leyland Jim Leyland, who led the Florida Marlins to the World Series title in 1997, will interview for the Philadelphia Phillies managerial vacancy.
SCIENCE IN THE NEWS Each week we present reports about science. These are about many different subjects. They can be about volcanoes exploding, developments of improved farm crops, archeology, space, new treatments for diseases.
Report: Militants Demand Cleric's Release (AP) AP - A militant group claiming to have kidnapped two Indonesian women demanded Jakarta free a Muslim cleric accused of heading an al-Qaida-linked group, the Arab news station Al-Jazeera reported Saturday. But the cleric said he wanted no such thing.
Switching to Linux picks up steam About a third of businesses plan to migrate at least some Windows machines to Linux, according to a recent survey, but adoption will continue to slow and cautious, as companies evaluate a maze of economic factors.
Mets #39; Aggressive Bonds Strategy Backfires Barry Bonds lounged in his personal leather recliner, watching his personal big-screen television, flanked by three of his devoted handlers.
Kazaa makes plea for legal status M #39;LEARNED FIENDS for the file sharing outfit Sharman Networks told the Australian District Court that Kazza should be allowed in Australia because it is legal in the US.
CSOs see viruses, worms as top security challenge for '05 Worms, viruses and Trojan horses will remain a top security concern in 2005, according to executives at this week's CSO Interchange forum in New York.
Merck defends itself on Vioxx Faced with credibility questions about the Vioxx recall, Merck executives yesterday insisted the first clear signs linking the painkiller to heart problems emerged only last month.
Opener is sweet for  #39;Zo Alonzo Mourning doesn #39;t know if he #39;ll cry. But you can bet he #39;ll scowl and shoot menacing glares at just about anyone and everyone tonight when he continues his comeback from a kidney transplant.
Hostage agony takes toll on family Desperate but unanswered pleas to release a British hostage threatened with death in Iraq have taken their toll on his family and put pressure on UK Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Recording Industry, Kazaa Square Off (AP) AP - Lawyers for Australia's recording industry branded the popular Kazaa computer file-swapping network "an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen" as they launched a court battle Monday to shut down its activities.
Beckham not retiring after all England captain David Beckham hopes to reach 100 caps for his country and play on beyond the World Cup in Germany in 2006. The Real Madrid star was reported to be considering retirement after that tournament
Chirac criticises interference in Iraq hostages release &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS - French President Jacques Chirac has lashed out at a private initiative to secure the release of two French hostages in Iraq as interference and said he hoped it would not thwart the delicate process, aides said Saturday.
Yankees restore some order Jon Lieber stopped the hard-charging Boston Red Sox in what might turn out to be a key game in the American League East race. Lieber no-hit the Red Sox until David Ortiz #39;s two-out
Russia says 11 missing in Taba explosion Russia said Saturday 11 of its nationals who were staying at a hotel in Egypt that was bombed Thursday are missing. Russia #39;s Itar-Tass news agency quoted a Russian embassy diplomat
#39;Highly critical #39; flaws fixed in RealPlayer RealNetworks Inc. recommends users download updates it released to patch multiple security holes in RealOne Player, RealPlayer and Helix Player.
Beltran, Astros have the power HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros not only tied the National League Championship Series with a 6-5 triumph yesterday over the St. Louis Cardinals. They sent a message entering tonight's Game 5 that they have more than enough to cope with the NL's most potent offense.
Unocal to pay villagers, fund improvements to settle rights case LOS ANGELES - Unocal Corp. will settle a human rights case filed over a pipeline in Southeast Asia by paying villagers and funding improvements to living conditions along the project route, lawyers on both sides said Monday.
Mayorga Arrested Then Freed Over Rape Allegation  MANAGUA (Reuters) - Nicaraguan former world champion boxer  Ricardo Mayorga was arrested then freed despite pending charges  on Friday after a young woman accused him of raping her in a  Managua hotel.
Progress of Rule Reviews Difficult to Track Three years ago, the regulatory overseers at the new Bush administration's    Office of Management and Budget  invited suggestions on which federal rules needed some work -- a tuneup, elimination, or maybe a new rule altogether. The effort was directed by Congress, which wanted the OMB to report to it annually on the costs and benefits of regulation and send along an inventory of ineffective or inefficient rules that should be reformed or killed.
Oil rises on Jeddah, Nigeria attacks Oil prices headed higher after Nigerian locals seized oil pumping stations, with news of an attack on the US consulate in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, also pushing prices higher, dealers said.
Scientists Intrigued by Rare Dead Whale BRISBANE, Australia - The body of a whale resembling a giant dolphin that washed up on an eastern Australian beach has intrigued local scientists, who agreed Wednesday that it is rare but are not sure just how rare.
EU newcomers not yet ready to join euro: Brussels (AFP) AFP - None of the European Union's 10 new member states yet fulfils the criteria for joining Europe's single currency, the European Commission said in a report.
Use of hot wafers #39; are one step closer to becoming reality One of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology -- environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation -- may be about to fall.
Explore your browser options FEW global companies have managed to make themselves as unpopular as Microsoft. Its defence consists of variations on:  quot;The reason nobody loves us is because were so successful.
Agassi, Nalbandian withdraw from Paris Masters Paris, France (Sports Network) - Andre Agassi and David Nalbandian announced Monday that they have withdrawn from the Paris Masters because of injuries.
Smith Guides Eagles Boston College's Craig Smith runs into foul trouble, but not before his 20 points help the Eagles down the UCLA Bruins, 74-64, on Sunday.
Saboteurs blow up Iraq oil pipeline Saboteurs blew up an export pipeline in southern Iraq today in the latest in a series of attacks targeting the volatile countrys crucial oil industry.
Sweet! Anheuser-Busch #39;s new brew Brewer Anheuser-Busch said Monday it would introduce a caffeinated, sweet-flavored beer for twentysomething club goers to compete with the flavored rums and vodkas gaining ground on the dance floor.
Yahoo Profit Surges on Sales of Ads, Google Stock Yahoo Inc. reported yesterday that its profit more than tripled in the third quarter as the Internet service recorded substantial increases in advertising and a giant gain from the sale of part of its stake in rival Google Inc.
Al-Sadr aide says militia will begin handing over weapons Monday (Baghdad, Iraq-AP) Oct. 9, 2004 - A senior aide to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr says militiamen loyal to him will begin handing over weapons to Iraqi police next week.
quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; You carjack a taxi and say to the cabby,  quot;I know it seems bad, but it could be worse. quot; Then, you carjack a cop car and explain to the officer,  quot;Blame society.
IRA Says Disarmament Pictures 'Never Possible' (Reuters) Reuters - The Irish Republican Army said on\Thursday it would never provide photographic proof of\disarmament as demanded by its Northern Ireland Protestant\opponents.
In court, Ellison gets 'Genghis Khan' hearing PeopleSoft's former chief says he called Larry Ellison "every name in the book," but Ellison himself invoked the Mongol leader.
For Satellite Radio Fans, Northern Exposure Canadian musicians may get more exposure if satellite radio, with its hundreds of channels, is approved in Canada.
Lara shaken but stirred It was all a bit of a fast bowler #39;s joke at the time but, as Brian Lara lay dazed on the pitch, the words of Shoaib Akhtar must have felt a little more sinister.
Barroso Urges Turkey to Go Extra Mile on EU Talks  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission president  urged Turkey on Thursday to "go the extra mile" to show  Europeans it is ready for EU membership talks as the bloc  prepared to approve them despite misgivings by many EU voters.
CMS to offer shares to public CMS Energy announced today the company intends to offer 22 million shares of common stock to the public. The underwriters will be granted an option to purchase an additional 3.3 million common
NYSE Seat Prices Hit 8-Year Low The price of a seat on the New York Stock Exchange fell to its lowest level since 1996, the latest sign that a shift toward electronic trading and possible regulatory change
BoSox Lead Yankees 4-2 After Eight Innings Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling, left, tends to his right ankle during the third inning of game 6 of the ALCS against the New York Yankees Tuesday, Oct. 19.
British Association for the Advancement of Science (BA): Festival &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Do clinical trials actually benefit the volunteers who take part? Is scientific research used as a tool by political spin doctors?
Citigroup's Diversification Is an Asset Unlike more focused companies, Citigroup finds success by diversifying its business.
AUTO RACING: IRL, Champ raise a lot of questions Surfers Paradise and Mexico -- remaining on the Champ Car circuit this year, is the former bastion of American open-wheel racing finally out of gas?
Symantec shares slide on news of Veritas buy Symantec moved a step closer to joining the ranks of the leading broad-based corporate software sellers yesterday as it announced a \$12.5bn all-stock agreement to buy storage and data back-up company Veritas.
GM ends Corvette ad after protest Complaints: A television commercial featuring a wild-driving youngster at the wheel angers auto-safety advocates. DETROIT - General Motors Corp.
Coast-Mapping Satellites Will Follow the Tides Satellite image acquisitions will be synchronised with the tides as part of an ambitious new project to map coastlines from space. Accurate up-to-date marine charts are essential for safe shipping navigation.
Gold Medal Dispute Set to End Thursday (AP) AP - Paul Hamm is finally going to have an answer for everyone who asks if he's going to be able to keep his Olympic gold medal.
Redmond joins Twins Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins announced Wednesday that the club has reached an agreement with free-agent catcher Mike Redmond on a two-year contract.
Notebook: Hurricane might disrupt Canes Host Miami and Florida State might have to wait several extra days before playing their season opener. School officials were strongly considering postponing the game five days from Monday to Sept.
Sharon invites opposition to join coalition Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reached out to his opposition rival with an invitation to enter discussion on forming a new coalition government.
Death toll 55 in southwest China flooding BEIJING -- Rescuers in southwest China sought help from the military Monday as they searched for dozens of people missing in torrential floods.
BBC demos open-source codec The BBC has demonstrated an open source video codec named Dirac which it claims offers twice the bit rate of MPEG-2. According to a story on The Register, the new codec was revealed at the LinuxWorld exhibition
Disney Relaunches Muppets on Web Site (AP) AP - Kermit, Miss Piggy, Gonzo and their pals are starring in their own Web site  #151; the first in a series of new creative efforts launched by The Walt Disney Co. since buying the Muppets in April.
Siemens wins major BBC contract The German engineering giant Siemens acquires the  BBC's IT unit and lands a 2.7bn euros outsourcing contract with the corporation.
Patent case challenges Microsoft's 'AutoPlay' A case scheduled for hearing in December focuses on technology for automatically loading software from a disc.
IBM promotes open source in India BANGALORE, INDIA -- IBM Corp. has partnered with a computing and an educational institution in India to promote the development of open-source software in the region, the company said Thursday.
Sri Lanka cruise to win Sri Lanka have virtually secured their place in the final of the Paktel Cup against Pakistan after easing to a comfortable seven-wicket victory over Zimbabwe on Saturday.
#39;Greedy #39; SA Rugby Bids to Host 2011 World Cup Event SA RUGBY, the controlling body of the sport in SA, has sent a letter of intent to the International Rugby Board (IRB) confirming its desire to host the 2011 Rugby World Cup.
Taking the Microsoft Rorschach test CNET News.com's Charles Cooper asks what it is about Microsoft that pushes so many people straight over the edge?
Intel Forecasts Greater Revenue for 4th Quarter Intel raised its revenue forecast for the fourth quarter, citing surprisingly strong demand across its line of chips for personal computers.
Who, Me? Stealthy? Peter Boneparth, the chief of Jones Apparel, agreed to buy Barneys for \$400 million. Analysts have questions about the deal.
Al Qaeda video shows execution of Iraqi officers BAGHDAD -- Al Qaeda's arm in Iraq released a video yesterday showing its militants lining up five captured Iraqi security officers and executing them in the street, the latest move in a campaign to intimidate Iraqis and target those who collaborate with US-led forces.
PeopleSoft posts solid Q3 revenue growth PeopleSoft reported a 12 increase in revenue, to \$698.8 million, and a slight uptick in revenue from software license sales in the quarter that ended Sept. 30.
Burundian rebels: we #39;re ready to defend ourselves in court in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leaders of a Burundian rebel group said Friday they were ready to defend themselves in an international court against war crimes charges after they took responsibility for the massacre of 163 refugees, their spokesman said.
US analyst testifies on Bosnian war as a Milosevic defense witness A former US policy analyst, testifying for the defense at Slobodan Milosevic #39;s war crimes trial Wednesday, said part of the groundwork
Australian leaders prepare for October poll Australia #39;s Prime Minister and the country #39;s main opposition leader say  quot;trust quot; will be a key issue when voters go to the polls on October the ninth.
Two Munch paintings taken in museum heist OSLO -- Armed, masked thieves burst into a lightly guarded Oslo museum yesterday and snatched the Edvard Munch masterpiece  quot;The Scream quot; and a second Munch painting from the walls as stunned visitors watched.
SBA Offers Discounted Loans for Disaster Victims The Small Business Administration steps up aid to businesses affected by recent weather-related disasters. Oct. 4, 2004 --As home and business owners throughout Florida and the Southwestern US pull things
I #39;m innocent, says Greek Olympic champion Kenteris Olympic champion Kostas Kenteris, who is likely to be expelled from the Olympics for missing a doping test, said Tuesday that he is not a drugs cheat.
Music plus movies, on one player With sales of digital music players skyrocketing, is it any wonder that hardware makers are scrambling to create the next big portable entertainment gizmo?
Microsoft still hopes to settle with EC, exec says Microsoft's CEO in Europe said the company still hopes to settle with the European Commission over the sanctions imposed against it to correct its anticompetitive behavior.
Carey #39;s Career-High Carries Longhorns DENTON, Texas -- Texas coach Jody Conradt told Jamie Carey to shoot more, and it worked out very well. Carey scored a career-high 30 points to lead the fourth-ranked Longhorns to a 79-54 victory Thursday night over North Texas.
British Airways cancels about 1,000 Heathrow flights LONDON, September 16 (New Ratings) - British Airways (BAI1.FSE) has cancelled about 1,000 inbound and outbound flights from London #39;s Heathrow Airport over the next three months.
Security firms merge to form Cybertrust A new managed security behemoth has been created by the merger of three security vendors. Betrusted Holdings, TruSecure Corporation and Ubizen (a subsidiary of Betrusted) will amalgamate and form a new company, known as Cybertrust.
Moncks Corner facility has new owner MONCKS CORNER - Integral Systems of Lanham, Md., said Wednesday it had agreed to sell assets of its antenna systems division in Moncks Corner to LJT  amp; Associates of Montgomery, Ala.
Thirty-three injured when Air Portugal plane dives to avoid collision (AFP) AFP - A TAP-Air Portugal airliner dived sharply to avoid a mid-air collision with a smaller aircraft just before landing on the mid-Atlantic Azores islands, slightly injuring 33 people.
Group Targets Medical Industry's Influence By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Doctors who receive drug company funding would be limited in what they could teach other physicians under new rules being proposed by accreditors.    The Chicago-based Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education, which gives its stamp of approval for such classes, was to announce sweeping changes Tuesday to limit the influence of doctors with financial connections to the pharmaceutical industry...
NBA Returns To Charlotte; Bobcats Lose Opener CHARLOTTE -- To help fans forget the departure of the Hornets, the NBA brought Commissioner David Stern and rapper Nelly to Charlotte to roll out a red -- or orange -- carpet for the Bobcats.
Merck Withdraws Arthritis Drug Vioxx (Reuters) Reuters - Merck   Co.  said on Thursday\withdrew its arthritis drug Vioxx globally after a colon cancer\trial confirmed long-standing concerns the drug raises the risk\of heart attack and stroke.
Brazilians Protest Economic Policies (AP) AP - Nearly 9,000 rural farmworkers and landless peasants marched in the nation's capital Thursday, seeking major land reform legislation, the official Agencia Brasil news agency said.
British troops in central Iraq suffer new attacks British troops redeployed in central Iraq to support US forces have come under fresh attacks at their base south of Baghdad, the BBC reported Wednesday.
Home Depot Raises Outlook, Tops Estimates  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a 19 percent rise in second-quarter profit, topping  estimates, as store renovations and efforts to improve service  drove higher average sales in every category.
Drug firm settles Seroxat research claim GlaxoSmithKline escaped with a rap over the knuckles yesterday in the latest crusade against alleged corporate wrong-doing spearheaded by the New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer.
Deutsche Boerse courts the LSE for tie-up More than four years after burying their ambitious iX merger project, the Frankfurt and London stock exchanges had returned to the negotiating table to discuss a possible tie-up
Oil Jumps Over \$54 on Winter Fuel Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to record highs above  \$54 on Tuesday as a fire at Nigerian export pipeline became the  latest threat to consumers' efforts to build winter heating  fuel inventories.
Dollar Crumbles Before Euro, New Low Hit The dollar sagged to a record low against the euro on Tuesday after remarks on monetary policy by European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet did not detract from bullish euro sentiment.
VeriSign Loses Round Against ICANN VeriSign (Quote, Chart) has come out on the losing end in its breach of contract and antitrust lawsuit against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
Defining moment for NFL High-definition television and the National Football League are going to be entwined this season. All ABC and ESPN games are scheduled to be broadcast in HD. Fox plans to do as many as six games each week in HD, and CBS will do three. And each Wednesday and Thursday at 9 p.m., the NFL Network will have a 60-minute condensed ...
Cheney Praises Bush As Decisive Leader NEW YORK - As President Bush prepared to accept the Republican nomination for a second term, Vice President Dick Cheney portrayed his boss as a decisive commander in chief. "He doesn't waffle, he doesn't agonize," Cheney said Thursday...
Australia #39;s Champion Cricketers Conquer Indian Final Frontier #39; Australia cemented its position as the dominant cricket team of the past decade with its first series win in India since 1969, conquering what former captain Steve Waugh called the final frontier.
Dell updates low-end server line The company plans to announce two servers, the PowerEdge SC420 and the SC1420, for small customers Monday.
Red Sox Win in Last At-Bat Orlando Cabrera homered in the bottom of the 12th inning to lead the Red Sox to their second straight victory in their last at-bat, 7-6, over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.
Prince Arch runs down Mustanfar in Saranac Prince Arch, who had been racing against the likes of multiple stakes winners Kittens Joy and Artie Schiller, returned from a layoff of nearly two months to win the \$108,200
Alternative fuel buses arrive in Smokies After months of planning, two alternative-fueled shuttle buses were added Tuesday to this Great Smoky Mountain tourist town #39;s transit fleet for a six-month demonstration.
Black Watch head for Baghdad Opposition parties are demanding an urgent government statement on Iraq, with speculation that the Black Watch are about to start patrolling some of the most dangerous areas of the country.
Japanese Stocks Rise, Paced by Canon, Nissan as Oil Price Falls Japanese stocks rose, led by exporters such as Canon Inc. and Nissan Motor Co., after a slide in oil prices in New York trading eased concern that global economic growth will slow.
Concern over N Korea missile test Japan will use weekend talks with North Korea to ask about reports the North has been preparing a missile test. US and South Korean intelligence has picked up signs a test may be planned, though Japan #39;s Prime
Duke earnings jump in third quarter Duke Energy Corp. reports third-quarter net income of \$389 million, or 41 cents per diluted share, sharply above earnings of \$49 million, or 5 cents per diluted share, in the same period last year.
Apple Unveils Logic Pro 7 Logic Pro 7, the next major release of the award-winning professional music creation and audio production software, will change the way musicians and audio engineers worldwide compose, record, edit and mix music in any studio environment. In addition to more than 100 workflow enhancements, breakthrough new software instruments, new mastering plug-ins and support for Apple Loops, Logic Pro 7 also debuts distributed audio processing, a revolutionary technology which allows audio pros to tap into a virtually unlimited number of Macs to expand available Digital Signal Processing (DSP) power. Sep 29
Motorola Cuts 1,000 Jobs Motorola (Quote, Chart) said it would cut 1,000 jobs, a move prompted by the spinout of its Freescale Semiconductor (Quote, Chart) subsidiary.
Kidde shares up 38 since offer Fire-extinguisher maker Kidde yesterday poured more water on wannabe bidder United Technology Corporation when its chairman said Kidde #39;s shareholders had backed the board #39;s rejection of the 1.
ADV: LendingTree.com - Find the Perfect Loan! Top lenders compete for your mortgage, refinance, home equity loan and home equity line of credit. Complete one simple form and within minutes receive up to four offers to choose from.
Library Exhibit Traces Impact of Isaac Newton By MALCOLM RITTER     NEW YORK (AP) -- If you asked people strolling down Fifth Avenue to name a genius, most would probably cite Albert Einstein.     "Ask them to name another one, it would be (Isaac) Newton," said Mordechai Feingold, curator of a new exhibit about the 17th-century English mathematician and physicist who transcended science to become a lasting icon in society...
US retail sales rise by 0.1 per cent in November, higher than &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US shoppers showed a bit of cheer at the cash registers in November, boosting sales at the country #39;s retailers by 0.1 per cent.
Lara won #39;t be coming CAPTAIN Brian Lara and other top West Indies players have ruled themselves out of January #39;s triangular one-day series in Australia because of a contract dispute.
Streaking Braves Stop Giants 5-3 (AP) AP - Barry Bonds hit a three-run shot for his 694th homer, but Chipper Jones' two-run drive helped the Atlanta Braves beat the San Francisco Giants 5-3 Friday night for their fifth straight victory.
Boston Red Sox Sign Pitcher Matt Mantei  BOSTON (Sports Network) - The World Series Champion Boston  Red Sox have signed relief pitcher Matt Mantei to a one-year  contract worth \$750,000.
Against OU, Texas hopes to finally hold  #39;em Blame him, Mack Brown says. Texas hasn #39;t beaten Oklahoma in four years, hasn #39;t made the Sooners so much as sweat in a couple of those games.
2 Pilgrim-Baxter Fund Founders to Settle (AP) AP - The two founders of the Pilgrim-Baxter mutual fund family have agreed to pay  #36;80 million each to settle regulators' charges of improper trading of their funds to benefit themselves and friends at the expense of longer-term shareholders, the authorities announced Wednesday.
England Captain Beckham Breaks a Rib (AP) AP - David Beckham broke his rib moments after scoring England's second goal in Saturday's 2-0 win over Wales in a World Cup qualifying game.
Myanmar Extends Suu Kyi House Arrest - Opposition (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi\has been told by police she is being held under house arrest\under a law which allows for such detention for up to a year,\an opposition spokesman said Monday.
US presses NATO to merge Afghan forces, speed Iraq mission POIANA BRASOV, Romania, Oct 13 (AFP) - The United States persuaded its NATO allies Wednesday to consider ways to merge Alliance-run and US-led forces in Afghanistan, despite deep reservations notably from Germany and France.
New Year, New Scraps for Sun's Feisty Chief Despite a recent antitrust settlement, Scott McNealy says Sun Microsystems shaking hands with Microsoft is like two boxers tapping gloves.
Millions to travel for turkey South of Canyonville, you could be delayed up to an hour each way due to road and bridge repairs. Other than that, you should have no more trouble than usual driving around Oregon on a Thanksgiving
Clutch players need not apply What looks good on paper hasn't been tested through a season yet, so Bruce Crowder said he'll reserve judgment. He wasn't talking about rosters; he was talking about a commitment from college hockey authorities to rid the game of all the clutching and grabbing, the pinning, and tugging.
Durable Goods Fall as Aircraft Orders Off (Reuters) Reuters - Orders for long-lasting U.S. durable\goods slipped unexpectedly in August as civilian aircraft\demand plunged, but beat forecasts once transportation was\stripped out, government data showed on Friday.
IBM Details PC Unit's Financial Woes The business racked up nearly \$1 billion in losses since 2001.
Clemens claims his magnificent 7th Cy Young Award Roger Clemens says he will pitch next year. Whether it #39;s throwing batting practice to his kids or split-fingered fastballs to major-league hitters remains to be seen.
NHL Lockout Forces All-Star Cancellation NEW YORK Nov 3, 2004 - In another sign the NHL season is slipping away, the league canceled its All-Star game Wednesday because of the lockout.
London could mediate over Kashmir: Musharraf LONDON (AFP) - Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf would welcome British involvement in negotiations with India over Kashmir, and would raise the matter with British Prime Minister Tony Blair during talks in London, he told The Times in an interview.
Journalists team leaves for India LAHORE: A group of 16 Pakistani journalists crossed the Wagah border on Sunday on their way to Srinagar to see the situation in Kashmir themselves.
Rugby-Dallaglio calls time on international career  quot;I have decided to announce my decision to retire from international rugby with England with immediate effect, quot; he told a news conference at Twickenham on Tuesday.
Tsvangirai acquittal a victory: MDC Zimbabwe #39;s Movement for Democratic Change has hailed the acquittal of its leader Morgan Tsvangirai on treason charges as a victory for the people of that country.
FASB Urged to Test Stock Options Oct. 18, 2004 (TheDeal.com) Although accounting regulators have agreed to delay a contentious proposal that forces companies to deduct the cost of employee stock options as a business expense, Sen. Michael B. Enzi said Thursday, Oct.
Hostage Takers Give Up After 18-Hour Standoff on Bus in Greece The two gunmen who had hijacked an Athens-bound commuter bus surrendered to the authorities and released their six remaining captives.
Update 2: Tokyo Stocks Edge Up Higher; Dollar Falls Tokyo stocks gained moderately Wednesday morning on bargain hunting following losses the day before. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
EU judge calls meeting in Microsoft antitrust case The judge examining whether or not to suspend sanctions in the European Union's antitrust ruling against Microsofthas called a meeting to determine how the case should proceed following the withdrawal of two of its major participants.
U.S. Rates Seen Rising Despite Concerns  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve policy-makers  gathered on Tuesday, with the expectation they will lift U.S.  interest rates for a third time this year despite lingering  signs of economic stress.
Bode Miller takes super-G event American Bode Miller won his first World Cup super-giant slalom Sunday, making him the first man to open an Alpine World Cup season with victories in three different disciplines and just the fifth skier to win a World Cup race in all four disciplines.
Online Consumers Spend More This Holiday Season Online consumers in the United States spent \$8.8 billion, excluding travel purchases, in November, a 19 percent jump over the \$7.4 billion spent online a year earlier, a report released on Monday said.
EU to end Libya arms embargo The European Union has agreed to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy, which said the North African country needed better equipment to tackle illegal migrants.
3 UK Black Watch members among 17 killed in Iraq attacks FALLUJAH, November 05 (Online): US artillery shelled Fallujah on Thursday after overnight air and tank attacks killed five people in Iraqs most rebellious city, braced for an all-out offensive now the US presidential election is over.
Redskins' Arrington Out for Sunday (Reuters) Reuters - Washington Redskins star\linebacker LaVar Arrington will miss his fourth straight game\after having right knee surgery last month.
Motorola to Introduce 20 New Cell Phones (AP) AP - Motorola Inc., which is introducing 20 new cell phones as it tries to avoid slipping to No. 3 in the market, signaled its confidence Wednesday for strong holiday sales and said there are no further product delays in sight.
Philippine economy sees 6.2 pct growth in Q2 The Philippine economy registered a6.2 percent growth in the second quarter, higher than the 4.2 percent during the same period last year, National Statistical Coordinating Board
Some fans cooling off, take NHL's hit in stride For hockey fans, this winter might just be the coldest, longest yet. As expected, no agreement has been reached between National Hockey League owners and players, and at midnight last night a decade-old collective bargaining agreement expired with no new deal in sight and the upcoming season on the brink of nonexistence.
Ask Kim Komando Q: I have Windows 98 and want the Internet Explorer upgrades (such as the built-in pop up advertisement blocker) that came with Service Pack 2. When will Microsoft release versions for all Windows users?
quot;Serious shortcomings quot; seen in security at Russian nuclear plants Security at three Russian nuclear power plants has  quot;serious shortcomings quot; despite steps to improve security levels, Russia #39;s deputy prosecutor general, Vladimir Kolesnikov, said Thursday.
Italian premier tells EU immigration control top priority Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said Thursday that the problem of immigration was one of three priority issues facing his government, the day after it resumed mass deportations of illegal immigrants.
Howard Stern and Sirius Pull Off Major Publicity Stunt About 1,000 people and a media circus flocked to Manhattan #39;s Union Square Thursday where Howard Stern and Sirius Satellite Radio gave away 500 free satellite radios, one-year subscriptions and vouchers for a free radio with a \$142 subscription to Sirius.
Netscape browser update released SAN FRANCISCO - After being written off by industry observers last year, America Online Inc. #39;s browser unit showed signs of life Tuesday as it released an update to its Netscape Web browser.
Bank of England Leaves Rate Unchanged It was the fourth month in a row that the bank #39;s Monetary Policy Committee decided against changing the rate. The decision was widely expected following indications that Britain #39;s economy has slowed, and that
Top US senator slams 'dysfunctional' CIA (AFP) AFP - Influential US Republican Senator John McCain blasted the Central Intelligence Agency as a  quot;dysfunctional quot; and  quot;rogue quot; organization that needs to be reformed.
Tennessee seat belt use improves The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says state seat belt use increased from about 69 percent in 2003 to 72 percent in 2004.
Defense, IT Companies Form Standards Group The five top US defense contractors, communications companies joined on Tuesday with some European rivals to develop technology standards that will allow better communication among future weapons systems.
High court asked to hear case forcing unfaithful husband to continue support (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A man who the B.C. Court of Appeal found was "carrying on behind his wife's back" and must continue spousal support payments will contest the ruling in the country's highest court because it contravenes the Divorce Act and could have national importance, his lawyer said Monday.
Another strong quake hits western Japan TOKYO : A strong earthquake measuring 6.4 on the Richter scale jolted western and central Japan, following two major tremors at the weekend, the meteorological agency said.
Dell rides the wave to consumer gadgets Dell (DELL) will set out Thursday to conquer markets dominated by Apple (APPL), Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) and others with products that include its first small digital music player, photo printer and plasma TV.
Oil prices fall nearly 5 to below \$53 a barrel Oil futures prices sank nearly 5 percent yesterday, dropping below \$53 a barrel, as concerns about tight winter-fuel supplies eased, at least temporarily, and traders
House OKs Fines for Lawyers for Meritless Suits (Reuters) Reuters - The House of Representatives on\Tuesday passed a bill to punish lawyers who file lawsuits\deemed meritless by a judge, and bar them from shopping around\for a sympathetic court.
Is Giambi tumor in pituitary? Yankees slugger Jason Giambi still wants to keep his medical situation private, even though a newspaper report yesterday detailed the location and treatment of his benign tumor.
Syria to move troops in Lebanon Syrian troops are about to redeployed in Lebanon, three weeks after a UN motion urged their withdrawal.
Yellowstone May Start Bison Feeder Herds (AP) AP - A proposed quarantine facility for Yellowstone National Park bison to eventually provide herd startups for Indian reservations and wildlife refuges is being considered, state officials say.
NEPAD urged to move forward for Africa #39;s development African leaders and heads of international agencies on Friday urged the African Union #39;s development program NEPAD to move forward to help accelerate the continent #39;s integration and growth.
Goalkeeper change grabs Fire #39;s attention The Fire no longer has the worst record in Major League Soccer. In fact, the struggling club #39;s playoff hopes brightened considerably after Wednesday #39;s 3-1 win over the Western Conference-leading Kansas City Wizards before 7,723 at Soldier Field.
Rusedski through in St Petersburg Greg Rusedski eased into the second round of the St Petersburg Open with a straight-sets win over Swiss veteran Marc Rosset. The Briton won 6-4 6-3 to set up a second-round clash with Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic.
Dollar Gains Ground on Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar regained some ground against  the yen on Friday, moving away from four-month lows hit the  previous day, but the market remained reluctant to push the  U.S. currency below the closely watched 107 yen mark.
Top witness in Indonsian Bashir trial withdraws confession (AFP) AFP - Indonesian prosecutors' bid to link a radical Muslim cleric to bomb attacks suffered another setback when a key witness withdrew a confession tying the militant to a regional extremist group.
Fergie #39;s 1000 reasons to smile MANCHESTER United gave manager Sir Alex Ferguson the perfect gift to mark his 1000th game with the club yesterday, a 2-1 win against Lyon that sends the Red Devils into the second round of the Champions League.
Lycos Antispam Screensaver Draws Fire A screensaver developed by Lycos Europe that gives spammers a dose of their own medicine is attracting plenty of attention, but not all of it good.
Athletics: Paula has a mind to conquer her demons The route of the New York City Marathon wends its way through the five boroughs of the Big Apple, from the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge to the Tavern on the Green restaurant in Central Park.
Day dawns for X Prize space shot A pioneering aviation company will attempt to rocket into space on Wednesday in a bid to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize. The prize will go to the first non-governmental vehicle that can ferry three people
Three to beat at Dover Recent history tells me a lot when it comes to picking the top contenders for Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup race at Dover (Del.) International Speedway.
Brazilian player collapses on field, game suspended Sao Caetano defender Serginho collapsed on the field after suffering an apparent cardio-respiratory arrest during the Brazilian championship match against Sao Paulo on Wednesday.
Pipeline blast kills 12 in Lagos At least 12 people have been killed in an explosion at a fuel pipeline on the outskirts of the Nigerian city, Lagos. Reports from Imore village, to the north of Nigeria #39;s biggest city, say that some of the
BREWERS: Another loss, but Bonds held homerless MILWAUKEE - The Milwaukee Brewers may have lost the war - losing three games to the San Francisco Giants - but they won the battle against slugger Barry Bonds.
Commodoties push dollar higher THE dollar opened stronger today as some commodity-based trading helped pushed the domestic unit higher. At 7am AEST the local unit was trading at \$US0.
Multiplex, Westfield Lodge \$1 Billion Chelsfield Bid (Update1) Multiplex Group, Westfield Group and the billionaire brothers Simon and David Reuben lodged a formal 585 million-pound (\$1.05 billion) cash offer for Chelsfield Plc, meeting a deadline to win support from the company #39;s owners.
Arctic Thaw Threatens People, Polar Bears  OSLO (Reuters) - Global warming is heating the Arctic  almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet in a thaw that  threatens millions of livelihoods and could wipe out polar  bears by 2100, an eight-nation report said on Monday.
Report Shows Universities Curtailing Online Piracy By ALEX VEIGA    LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Despite evidence that sharing music and movies online remains popular, a report issued Tuesday by a committee of entertainment and university leaders says universities have made strides the past year to curtail online piracy.    The report, submitted to Congress by the Joint Committee of the Higher Education and Entertainment Communities, highlights steps taken by the universities to tackle Internet piracy but offers few details of their effectiveness...
Oil Prices Retreat From a Record High After Chvez Victory Crude oil for delivery next month settled at \$46.05 a barrel, down 53 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange after briefly trading at a new high of \$46.91 early in the day.
Fears grow for Falluja civilians Iraqis trapped in the besieged rebel city of Falluja face a humanitarian disaster, aid agencies warn.
The IT security vuln league table of fear A list of the worst 20 security vulnerabilities bedevilling Windows and *Nix systems was unveiled last Friday by the SANS (SysAdmin, Audit, Network, Security) Institute.
Golden treasure unearthed Bulgaria - Hundreds of tiny gold jewels crafted some 5 000 years ago have been discovered in Bulgaria, suggesting the country could have been the home of Europe #39;s earliest civilisation, a leading Bulgarian archaeologist said on Friday.
Williams to Start Game 1 for Cardinals (AP) AP - Woody Williams is a constant in a St. Louis Cardinals rotation that manager Tony La Russa keeps juggling. The right-hander will make his third straight series-opening start in Game 1 of the World Series on Saturday night.
Stocks Move Lower on Employment Report NEW YORK - Stocks were modestly lower in Friday as investors sorted through an uninspiring employment report and Intel Corp.'s weak profit outlook hit technology shares hard.    Investors were satisfied with - but not impressed by - the Labor Department's latest reading on unemployment, which fell to 5.4 percent from 5.5 percent in July, and the 144,000 jobs created in August was close to the 150,000 Wall Street had expected...
Nation puts its trust in Howard PRIME Minister John Howard had every reason to give thanks as he attended church today, while Opposition Leader Mark Latham was keeping a low profile in the aftermath of the Coalition #39;s stunning election win.
Paradorn powers through to Federer test Thai tennis ace Paradorn Srichaphan lined up a high-profile career-first clash with formidable Roger Federer as he hammered home a 6-2, 7-5 defeat of Dutchman Dennis van Scheppingen at the Thailand Open in Bangkok on Friday.
Ponting #39;s likely return for fourth Test to force team reshuffle D-DAY looms for Darren Lehmann after captain Ricky Ponting was yesterday cleared to rejoin the Australian team for the fourth Test.
Syria, PLO mend ties, seek coordination on Israel Syria and the Palestine Liberation Organisation opened a new chapter in their often turbulent ties today, saying they wanted to coordinate their efforts to make peace with Israel.
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 22 (Sports Network) - Bronson Arroyo tries to win his fifth straight decision, as the Boston Red Sox continue a four-game series with the Baltimore Orioles tonight at Fenway Park.
FCC chiefs to work through outdated rules LAS VEGAS - Three U.S. Federal Communications Commissioners on Wednesday said laws governing telecommunications need to be revamped, but said the agency will do all it can under the current rules to encourage deployment of new technologies and services.
AMD loses nVidia monopoly Intel users will be able to use nVidia graphics hardware in the future after a surprise announcement from the two companies. The deal will be welcomed by users who will be able to use nVidia #39;s nForce platform
News: Marine Corps deploys Fallujah biometric ID scheme US forces in Iraq are attempting to tame Fallujah with biometric ID, according to an NBC news report broadcast last week.
Baseball-Stitched-Up Schilling Makes World Series History  BOSTON (Reuters) - A stitched-up Curt Schilling became the  first pitcher in major league history to win World Series games  with three different teams after producing a gritty display  Sunday.
Rain Brings Back Bad Memories for Vols (AP) AP - Playing in the rain against Florida brings back some bad memories for Tennessee.
Sudan Accuses U.S. Over Darfur Talks Breakdown  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudan blamed the United States for the  failure of three weeks of peace talks between Khartoum and  Darfur rebels Friday, but African Union mediators said  negotiations would resume in October.
Northern Uganda  #39;world #39;s biggest neglected crisis #39; Northern Uganda, where around 20,000 children have been kidnapped and many forced to serve as combatants, is the world #39;s biggest neglected humanitarian crisis, the head of UN humanitarian affairs said yesterday.
DOJ Accuses Six With Crippling Rivals #39; Web Sites Among the more than 150 cybercrime arrests and convictions announced Thursday by the Department of Justice was an original: the nation #39;s first case alleging denial of service attacks against competitors to knock them offline.
NHL Official Says Players  #39;Are Not Negotiating #39; The NHL #39;s chief legal officer blasted the players #39; association yesterday for turning the last two days of contract negotiations in Ottawa into a  quot;charade quot; as the sides try to reach a labor agreement with a Sept.
Trump hopeful after restructuring setback A deal that would have saved Donald Trump #39;s casino company is off. His casinos are running low on cash. And Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts is drowning in \$1.
Packer moves into Macau gambling Australian media tycoon and dedicated gambler Kerry Packer is investing \$163m in a gambling joint venture in Macau.
Germany not certain to play opening game of 2006 finals Hosts Germany could opt not to play the opening game of the 2006 World Cup finals, organising committee chairman Franz Beckenbauer said on Monday.
Disney reaches deal for beleaguered retail chain The Children #39;s Place Retail Stores Inc. announced Wednesday it will buy The Walt Disney Co. #39;s flagging retail chain in an effort to become a bigger player in the infant to preteen market.
Defiant Bush defends war in UN New York, Sept.23. (Guardian News Service): President George Bush on Tuesday delivered an unrepentant speech to the United Nations defending the war in Iraq and calling on the world to help rebuild the country.
Storm Delays Southern Miss-Cal Game (AP) AP - Approaching Hurricane Ivan has led to postponement of the game Thursday night between 10th-ranked California and Southern Mississippi in Hattiesburg, Cal's athletic director said Monday.
Colleges approach Windows service pack warily College students returning to school this fall will find that many of their information systems departments - like business operations - are taking a go-slow approach to Microsoft #39;s big anti-hacker upgrade, Windows Service Pack 2.
UPDATE 1-Brocade posts higher quarterly profit Brocade Communications Systems Inc. (BRCD.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of data networking equipment, said on Monday its quarterly profit rose, helped by new products
Gators ready to  #39;circle the wagons #39; Motivating college athletes to maintain a similar level of intensity during each and every game is one of biggest challenges for a college football coach.
drivers #39; role in the big picture If things worked like the most cynical believe they do, Tony Stewart would get six speeding penalties in Sunday #39;s Banquet 400 at Kansas Speedway.
Dow Ends Up 101 on President Bush Victory Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election with a solid rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed continuity in Washington and shrugged off higher oil prices.
Regulators study gift-giving firms NASD, which is the regulatory arm of the Nasdaq stock market, and the Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating about two dozen firms, including brokerage firms and mutual fund companies, to determine whether brokers handed out expensive gifts
Thai PM offers regrets for deaths Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has expressed regret at the deaths in army custody of almost 80 Muslims as distraught relatives sought the bodies
Dole, Gore Participate in Panel Discussion (AP) AP - Bob Dole and Al Gore, both former presidential candidates themselves, offered their thoughts Tuesday on the upcoming debate.
Update 1: Venezuela, Colombia Mull Gas Pipeline The world #39;s oil producers don #39;t have much capacity to increase output, which should keep prices high throughout 2005, Venezuela #39;s oil minister said Thursday.
Gunbattle in Haiti leaves one dead Gunmen opened fire on a Haitian hospital with a top French official inside Monday, sparking a battle that left at least one gunman dead and two people wounded, officials said.
Sirius Names Karmazin CEO, Shares Jump (Reuters) Reuters - Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.\ on Thursday named former Viacom Inc. President Mel\Karmazin as its chief executive, in the latest migration of a\mainstream radio heavyweight to the fledgling satellite\industry.
Internet Explorer Loses More Market Share eWeek says that new data shows Web site visitors paying more attention to alternative browsers, as Microsoft #39;s share drops to 93.
Ebay Explodes to Twice Its Size Executives at eBay apologized to frustrated customers who were frozen out of the online auction #39;s payment transaction service, which experienced at least five days of intermittent failures earlier this month.
Racism: FIFA should hit Spain hard It seems that England simply cannot escape controversy. But on Wednesday night in Madrid it was their opponents, rather than themselves, that were dragged through the mire as racist chants directed at England
Lost Tribe of Little People On a remote Indonesian island, archeologists were astonished to discover a new, small human species that walked the earth just 18,000 years ago. By Kristen Philipkoski.
ATA board agrees to employee retention bonuses The board of ATA Holdings Corp.(ATAH.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , parent of low-cost air carrier ATA Airlines, has approved payments to key executives and employees who stay with the company after its bankruptcy filing
SuperSonics Snap Heat's 14-Game Win Streak (AP) AP - For the first time in nearly a month, the Miami Heat failed to win. Ray Allen scored 35 points, Rashard Lewis added 17 points and 13 rebounds and the Seattle SuperSonics snapped the Heat's franchise-record 14-game winning streak Monday night with a 98-96 victory.
Myanmar junta putting Aung San Suu Kyi #39;s health at risk: Oppn Myanmar #39;s Opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) party accused the military regime of endangering party leader Aung San Suu Kyi #39;s life by restricting her access to a doctor and non-junta security.
Tennis Roundup  Second-seeded David Nalbandian of Argentina lost at the Japan Open Thursday at Toyko, beaten by Gilles Muller of Luxembourg 7-6 (4), 3-6, 6-4 in the third round.
New Nuclear Weapon to Surpass Others, Putin Says Reiterating previous statements, though providing no new details, President Vladimir V. Putin said Russia would continue to emphasize its nuclear deterrent.
Mets battle Cubs on FOX com. Aaron Heilman will continue to state his case for consideration in next season #39;s Mets rotation picture as New York meets the visiting Chicago Cubs for the second game of a three-game weekend series Saturday.
Elber blow for Lyon Lyon have suffered a major blow with the news that Giovane Elber will out of action for several months. The Brazilian striker was thought to have injured his ankle in the game against Metz, but further scans revealed the problem to be far more serious.
Microsofts next move in the Windows vs. Linux battle Are you convinced that Windows environments are less expensive to own and operate than Linux computers? Martin Taylor, the manager behind Microsofts anti-Linux strategy, believes the companys Get The
Michigan Edges Minnesota in Final Minutes ANN ARBOR, Mich. - Michigan beat Minnesota with a dramatic comeback for the second straight year...
Phishing Without a Lure While the victims of the latest phishing technique may not have to click on a link to be victimized by the effort to steal information, the attack is similar to traditional phishing scams because
Mercury 63, Storm 55 Behind 18 points each from Diana Taurasi and Penny Taylor, the Phoenix Mercury kept their playoff hopes alive by knocking off the second-place team in the Western Conference.
Campbell delivers win ATLANTA - Let there be no doubt: The Auburn football team is the undisputed champion of the Southeastern Conference. And let it be written that Jason Campbell made it so.
United go to the tape on Wizards If Kansas City switches conferences next year when MLS realigns due to expansion, teams such as DC United will certainly become more familiar with the Wizards.
Paint it bleak If the Rolling Stones were hired to write the theme song for this year's Red Sox, the group might overhaul one of their classics. Instead of  quot;Satisfaction, quot; they could go with  quot;Separation. quot; That's because no matter how hard they try, the Sox can't get no separation in their quest for the top spot in the wild-card race.
No slipups this time as Timlin holds his own Mike Timlin #39;s reaction when he saw Manny Ramirez slip on Ben Davis #39;s routine fly ball was probably no different than yours was last night.
Offensive balance eludes Cats Even-mannered and analytical possibly to a fault, the word just fits Bill Snyder. It #39;s more than just Snyder #39;s goal for the Kansas State offense.
Organizers shun wireless for GOP convention network NEW YORK -- The IT planners began working 18 months ago, evaluating the buildings that would contain 4,800 delegates and twice as many journalists at this week's Republican National Convention in New York. From the start, they agreed on one major infrastructure issue: No wireless.
AMP Returns to Profit After Spinoff Australian financial services group AMP Ltd. on Wednesday reported a return to profit in the first half of the year after cutting loose its loss-making British insurance operations.
Family wins inquiry into killing of prisoner son THE family of an Iraqi civilian allegedly unlawfully killed by British troops while in custody won a human-rights ruling yesterday, which opens the way for an independent investigation into his death.
Cambodia rush to solve succession Cambodia races to pass laws to decide the sucession after King Sihanouk's abdication announcement.
US stocks: Stocks up, boosted by techs and cheaper oil US stocks ended higher on Wednesday as internet and semiconductor stocks led advances in technology shares and crude oil retreated from record high prices.
Ex-Kosovo rebels face first war crimes trial The first international war crimes trial of Kosovo Albanians began yesterday, with three former rebels accused of abducting and killing suspected
Crisis warning from Bank as lenders add to risky investments UK banks have built up a number of risky investment positions that could trigger a financial crisis if a shock caused a sudden rush to sell up, the Bank of England warned yesterday.
Rupert buys back the farm, the art and harbourside house RUPERT Murdoch is literally buying back the farm - and the art and other myriad investments worth more than \$50 million. As part of the proposed move of The News Corporation Ltd to the US, Mr Murdoch and his
XM Satellite Radio to Begin Broadcasting on Web XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. (XMSR) will soon begin broadcasting some of its stations to subscribers over the Internet, fresh on the heels of the company's discontinuation of a receiver for PCs that some users used to circumvent the music industry's crackdown on illegal file sharing.
SA unionists defy Zimbabwe ban A South African trade union delegation is allowed into Zimbabwe despite being told their visit is not acceptable.
Elbaradei Expresses Hope for Quick Settlement of S. Korea #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mohamed ElBaradei, director of the International Atomic Energy Agency has voiced hopes for a quick and conclusive settlement of his agency #39;s probe into South Korea #39;s past nuclear experiments.
Sheffield Should Be Able to Play On INNEAPOLIS, Aug. 17 - The Yankees #39; Gary Sheffield has a pulled muscle and bursitis in his troublesome left shoulder, but can continue to play, according to a diagnosis provided on Tuesday by Dr. Frank Jobe, the noted orthopedic surgeon who ...
Pakistan parliament backs Musharraf in uniform (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan's pro-military government on Friday tabled a bill in parliament to allow President Pervez Musharraf to stay on as army chief despite his pledge to give up the job by the end of the year.
Blair confined to quarters after bomb discovery Italian newspapers claimed yesterday that the Blair family had been confined to their luxury Tuscan quarters following the discovery of a time bomb in a Sardinian resort close to the villa where Silvio Berlusconi regaled Tony and Cherie Blair with ...
Lifetime Magazine Closing he Hearst Corporation and the Walt Disney Company will cease to publish Lifetime magazine amid disappointing results since the publication #39;s introduction in April 2003.
Peete Completes Rally Rodney Peete found Walter Young for an 18-yard touchdown pass with 1:48 to play, rallying the Panthers past the Patriots, 20-17, Saturday.
US 'alienating' world's Muslims The US is losing "the war of ideas" in the Islamic world and must alter its approach, a Pentagon panel says.
Ottawa dumping petro-can The federal government #39;s sale of its remaining 19 stake in Petro-Canada is imminent, ending Ottawa #39;s 29-year presence in the oilpatch, say sources in the investment community and the oil producer.
Annan  #39;surprised #39; at son #39;s link to oil-for-food scandal The United Nations has revealed that the son of the secretary general, Kofi Annan, worked for a company being investigated in the Iraqi oil-for-food scandal for four years longer than he first admitted.
Watch TV, Zoom In Sony has developed a computer chip that allows viewers to zoom in on any part of a TV image, such as a favorite soccer player or an intruder on security-camera footage, while keeping the image sharp.
Philips lowers forecast for chip division Two days after announcing that the head of its semiconductor business will leave the company, Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV on Friday lowered its forecast for the chip division #39;s third-quarter sales.
For SGI supercomputer, a record-setting day With new rankings due soon, SGI, IBM and others jostle for bragging rights. Also: Speedy Mac system gets speedier.
U.S. Team Wins Tommy Bahama Challenge (AP) AP - Americans Hank Kuehne, Chad Campbell, Zach Johnson and Chris Riley beat a foursome of international players on the first playoff hole Tuesday in the inaugural Tommy Bahama Challenge.
On Fallujah streets, insurgents mount a desperate fight FALLUJAH, Iraq -- Four Iraqi fighters huddled in a trench, firing rocket-propelled grenades at Lieutenant Eric Gregory's Bradley Fighting Vehicle and the US tanks and Humvees that were lumbering through tight streets between boxlike beige houses.
IBM Fleshes Out Power5 Line IBM (Quote, Chart) upped the ante against rivals HP (Quote, Chart) and Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) in the server market by adding three new machines based on its Power5 processor, two of which can run 254 virtual servers on a single machine.
PeopleSoft, RIM partner to deliver sales application (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Research in Motion (RIM), the company that first pushed e-mail over wireless, is teaming up with PeopleSoft to offer corporate users PeopleSoft Enterprise Sales for BlackBerry, a sales application with similar push technology.
Rwanda May Still Send Troops Into Congo (AP) AP - Rwanda's President Paul Kagame said Saturday he has not ruled out sending troops to eastern Congo if Hutu rebels continue to threaten his country.
IMF house price warning THE IMF #39;s World Economic Outlook has warned of a possible sharp fall in UK house prices, based on interest rate rises priced into future markets, the market would probably slow down significantly in the next 18 months.
US Spending Up in Sept., Inflation Tame US consumer spending climbed 0.6 percent as expected in September and inflation remained benign, government data showed on Monday, as shoppers splashed out after showing restraint the previous month.
Cavaliers Shock No. 10 Wildcats Throughout the last month, the Virginia Cavaliers told anyone who would listen that their goals this basketball season far exceed the low expectations outsiders hold for them.
Pakistani Commandos Storm Hideout, Freeing a Chinese Hostage One Chinese hostage was freed and another killed when Pakistani commandos stormed the hideout of Islamic militants in northwestern Pakistan today, government officials said.
Solution for Slashdot Effect? Slashdot is so popular that traffic from its links can cripple small websites, sometimes for days. So a couple of fans have set up a site called Mirrordot to alleviate the problem by hosting copies of sites mentioned on Slashdot. By Daniel Terdiman.
President touts  #39;Taiwan #39; as best national name President Chen Shui-bian () stated Thursday that  quot;Taiwan quot; is the most precise abbreviated designation for the this island country during a one-day state visit to the Central American nation of Belize.
Dolphins Dump Edwards The Dolphins terminated the contract of starting safety Antuan Edwards on Wednesday.
Court Throws Out Hollinger Int'l Lawsuit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. court on Friday dealt a blow to  Hollinger International Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLR.N&lt;/A&gt; efforts to recover \$1.25  billion from ex-chairman Conrad Black and others, dismissing  its racketeering lawsuit against them.
SGI claims lead in supercomputer race Computer maker evolves from its "Jurassic" era with a Linux-based machine. NASA gives it a thumbs-up.
World Bank predicts growth for countries The world #39;s developing countries this year will turn in the strongest economic growth in three decades and should continue to enjoy solid expansion in 2005 and 2006, the World Bank predicted Tuesday.
Raft of storms linked to warming The deadly hurricanes that have battered the Southeast and the Caribbean this year may be a sign of things to come as climate change heats up the tropical oceans where such storms are born, scientists warned Thursday.
#39;Morgan wants four pillars #39; on reform agenda THE Federal Government #39;s control of both houses of parliament created a rare opportunity to overhaul the four pillars banking policy, Westpac chief executive David Morgan said yesterday.
Nautilus Shares Sink on Bowflex Recall Shares of exercise machine maker Nautilus Group Inc. sank more than 5 percent after the company announced a voluntary recall of certain Bowflex home gym models after a review of incident records.
Red Hat Takes Netscape Enterprise Red Hat kicked off its analyst day in New York today by announcing its was going to acquire parts of the Netscape Enterprise solution from AOL.
McDonald #39;s CEO gets new chemotherapy McDonald #39;s Corp. Chief Executive Officer Charlie Bell, who underwent colorectal cancer surgery in May, said Tuesday he was back in the hospital for continued treatment.
Pen certainly helped pin this victory down The night before, they looked like glorified batting practice pitchers. Last night, the members of the Boston bullpen needed to be almost letter-perfect and, for the most part, they were.
Raptors discuss trading All-Star Carter to Trail Blazers for Abdur &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Raptors guard Vince Carter asked out of Toronto before training camp, and it now appears the disgruntled five-time All-Star might get his wish.
Japan #39;s Nikkei, Topix Fall, Paced by Canon on US Jobs Report Japanese stocks fell, paced by exporters such as Canon Inc. and Nissan Motor Co., after a US government report showed that the world #39;s largest economy added fewer jobs in November than some economists had expected.
U.S. Says Iran 'Isolated' in Nuclear Quest  VIENNA (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official said on Saturday  Iran was "completely isolated" in what he called its pursuit of  nuclear weapons and that this would be reflected in a draft  resolution to be debated by the U.N. nuclear watchdog.
GOP to Bolster Bush Image As Strong Leader NEW YORK - Republicans marshaled their forces to bolster President Bush's image as a strong leader in treacherous times as they open their national convention in the city that felt the brunt of the worst terrorist attacks in U.S. history...
SpaceShipOne wins X-Prize altitude without the heart-stopping barrel rolls that vexed the craft #39;s qualifying flight on Wednesday. world altitude record for a fixed-wing aircraft, set in 1963 by the experimental X-15 rocket plane.
Lycos pulls antispam screen saver from site Lycos Europe NV drew criticism from some members of the security community who said the company is engaging in vigilantism and crossing the line by launching what are essentially distributed DOS attacks on spammers' sites.
Future of National Irish and Northern Banks discussed by IBOA The Irish Bank Officials Association (IBOA) has held a strategy meeting about the future of National Irish and Northern Banks. It follows the recent High Court Inspectors report into National Irish Bank and
Stocks Sag on Coke's Gloomy Forecast NEW YORK - Stocks sagged Wednesday after beverage giant Coca-Cola Co. issued a gloomy forecast, and a lower-than-expected reading on industrial production for August threw the nation's broader economic outlook into question...
British consumer group: iTunes UK overpriced British consumer group Consumers #39; Association has raised its voice over the iTunes #39; pricing in the United Kingdom. Most notably, its anger is aimed towards the different pricing model Apple uses for its online music store in European countries.
CA posts Q2 loss on restitution charges OCTOBER 21, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Computer Associates International Inc. yesterday reported a 6 increase in revenue during its second fiscal quarter but posted a \$94 million loss after paying to settle government investigations into the company.
GIs Kill 22 In Afghan Gun Battle (CBS/AP) US forces backed by helicopter gunships killed 22 insurgents, including several Arabs, in southern Afghanistan, the US military said Monday.
Brown Struggles Early, but Yankees End It Fast Kevin Brown flirted with danger in the early innings, allowing the Blue Jays to take a 4-0 edge before the Yankees finally solved the Toronto lefthander Ted Lilly.
Pacers' Bender Sits With Sore Knee (AP) AP - Throughout his NBA career, Jonathan Bender has been slowed by injuries. As his Indiana Pacers teammates finished practice Friday, there he was again, just sitting and watching.
Southern Co. reports small jump in third-quarter profit despite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Energy provider Southern Company reports a four percent jump in third-quarter earnings. A report out today indicates slightly higher revenues despite mild weather in the company #39;s region and
AL Wrap: Twins Secure Third Straight AL Central Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Torii Hunter and Corey Koskie belted  two-run homers in the first inning to help the Minnesota Twins  clinch their third straight American League (AL) Central  Division title with an 8-2 victory over the Chicago White Sox  Monday.
Boy rescued after 4 days in Japan quake rubble Shaken by a string of deadly earthquakes and aftershocks, Japan is in the grips of an unlikely rescue saga. Rescue teams working in Nagaoka, one of the city #39;s worst-hit by the initial earthquake on Saturday
Shot put history in Olympia ANCIENT OLYMPIA (Reuters) - American Kristin Heaston launched the shot 16.41 metres to become the first woman to compete at Olympia in the first athletics meeting in the tree-lined grove since the ancient Games were abolished in AD 393.
Bill Would Impose Prison Time for Spyware (AP) AP - The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw "spyware," irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
Voeller moves to Roma Roma have appointed former German national coach Rudi Voeller as their new boss. Voeller, who resigned his post with Germany after Euro 2004, has spent the day in the Italian capital discussing the move and
Stumbling Gunners try to steady ship in derby London, England (Sports Network) - Arsenal and Tottenham will clash in the North London derby Saturday as the Gunners attempt to recover their unbeatable form at White Hart Lane.
Iran Ready to Negotiate Enrichment Halt Length  TEHRAN, Iran (Reuters) - Iran said on Monday it was willing  to negotiate with European nations the length of its uranium  enrichment suspension but will never renounce its right to  carry out the process, which can be used to make atom bombs.
Investor tries to block Abbey deal Abbey National faces a high court challenge to its 9bn takeover by Banco Santander Central Hispano because of concerns about criminal charges faced by executives of the Spanish bank.
Season far from running course With the PGA Tour #39;s major championships concluded for 2004, we look for other story lines to sustain the golf season. The back nine: ...
Easy Going for Els Ernie Els breezes through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by finishing with an 8-under-par 64, and taking a two-shot lead in Ireland.
Oil Up on Rosy U.S. Economic Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Tuesday on cheery  economic data showing that inflationary pressure was held in  check in July and ahead of weekly inventory due out on  Wednesday forecast to show a draw in crude stocks
FOOTBALL: BARCA HAD SIRO LUCK SAYS HENRIK HENRIK LARSSON last night admitted Barcelona ran out luck after being robbed in the San Siro. The Swede and Iniesta both hit the bar as Frank Riijkard #39;s men were frustrated by AC Milan on Wednesday.
Deadlocked NHL Labor Talks to Resume on Monday  TORONTO (Reuters) - The National Hockey League and players  union will meet again Monday after failing to make any progress  in labor talks Thursday.
US Labor Groups File China Currency Complaint, Urge Sanctions A coalition of US labor unions said China #39;s policy of setting the value of the yuan is hurting American businesses and asked the Bush administration to file a lawsuit at the World Trade Organization on their behalf.
Scientists 'hopeful' for Genesis Genesis mission specialists are to begin the task of examining the remains of their capsule that crashed in the Utah desert.
Reds won #39;t bring back Larkin The team has informed the 40-year-old shortstop it will not offer him another contract, effectively ending a 19-year relationship with the player.
Aid Money Must Flow Quickly, Iraq to Tell Donors (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq could plunge into still deeper\chaos unless billions of dollars the international community\has pledged for rebuilding are spent quickly, the Baghdad\government will warn this week.
This isn #39;t same Lion Heart, trainer says Trainer Patrick Biancone says the Lion Heart who will try to get 1 1/4 miles in Saturday #39;s Travers is not the same Lion Heart who failed to get the same distance in the Kentucky Derby 17 weeks ago.
Space Race Focuses on Money Burt Rutan and Paul Allen #39;s spunky-looking little spaceplane had just returned to the runway after winning the \$10 million Ansari X Prize, and prize founder Peter Diamandis had a message for investors around the world who might be watching.
Blackburn make move for Wales manager Hughes Blackburn Rovers have approached the Football Association of Wales (FAW) for permission to speak to Wales manager Mark Hughes, Welsh soccer #39;s ruling body said on Wednesday.
Bird flu virus unlikely to be eradicated soon, warn global bodies ROME : The bird flu epidemic in Asia is a  quot;crisis of global importance quot; and the virus is unlikely to be eradicated soon, the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) and the World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) warned.
Turkey can count on Germany when EU leaders meet: Fischer German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer assured his Turkish counterpart Abdullah Gul here on Monday that Germany would give full support to Turkey #39;s bid to enter European Union membership talks.
UNECE Predicts Robot Explosion In a sweeping report that analyzes worldwide robotics industry growth throughout 2003 and compares it with activity in the robotics marked tracked over nearly one-and-a-half decades, the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) predicts a
Nuggets pick up option on Nene DENVER (Ticker) - Power forward Nene, who led Brazil to a bronze medal in the Goodwill Games in 2001, will have through at least the 2005-06 season to help the Denver Nuggets contend for an NBA title.
Nintendo Honored by  quot;Walk of Game quot; Nintendo did particularly well in a recent poll ran by  quot;Walk of Game quot;. With Shigeru Miyamoto winning a lifeti. Walk of Game, the first physical landmark honouring the icons and pioneers of the videogame industry
More Haiti Peacekeepers by End Nov, UN Envoy Says (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. peacekeeping force in\Haiti should reach its full strength of more than 8,000\soldiers and police by the end of November, the United Nations\special envoy to Haiti said on Friday.
Villagers hold Nigeria oil plants Representatives of a remote community in southern Nigeria's Delta region take over three oil installations.
Microsoft Sued Over Broken Xbox DVD Drive A video game fan upset over a failed disc drive in his Xbox video game console has sued Microsoft Corp. on behalf of all Xbox owners across the United States.
Disney Sends Out Three October 13, 2004 - Disney Interactive announced today that it has shipped three TV-based titles for the Game Boy Advance: Disney #39;s That #39;s So Raven, Disney #39;s Lizzie McGuire 2: Lizzie Diaries, and Disney #39;s Lilo  amp; Stitch 2: Hamsterviel Havoc are all now
Holiday-Shopping Season Remains Sluggish  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. shoppers have kept a tight grip  on their wallets this holiday season with indices on Tuesday  showing sluggish sales in the second week of the  season.
Hairballs Haunt Cisco Rising sales and net income isn't always what it seems, especially when there's a big, fat inventory hairball in the way.
AIRLINES GIVE TIPS FOR TRAVEL SEASON Tyler airlines are gearing up for the beginning of holiday travel, as officials offer tips to help travelers secure tickets and pass through checkpoints with ease.
Steelers decide to fly south early to beat hurricane delays To beat Hurricane Jeanne to Florida and protect any players who fear such flying, the Steelers moved up their Miami flight plans to dinnertime tonight -- some 20 hours ahead of their original schedule.
Safin Beats Stepanek for 3rd Masters Crown (AP) AP - Marat Safin overpowered Radek Stepanek 6-3, 7-6 (5), 6-3 with the help of 16 aces Sunday to win his record-tying third Paris Masters title.
League upholds Calgary-BC result but pledges improvements next &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The result of the Calgary-BC game last Friday night will stand, the CFL announced Monday. While a review of video tape from the game confirmed an officiating error resulting in a no-yards call
Bout shapes De La Hoya career Oscar De La Hoya is an underdog for the first time in his career and he doesn #39;t seem quite sure what to make of it. I know in my mind this is the one, #39; #39; said the Golden Boy.
Anglicans Criticize U.S. Church on Gays LONDON - An Anglican commission sharply criticized the U.S. Episcopal Church on Monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the Americans to apologize...
Clijsters #39; career  #39;could be over #39; Belgian superstar Kim Clijsters #39; career could be over after she broke down again with a troublesome wrist injury playing in a tournament in her home country at the weekend.
Patch in for Microsoft server spoofing flaw A flaw in Microsoft #39;s security server software could allow an attacker to fool business users into thinking that malicious content can be trusted, the software giant warned on Tuesday.
Xerox #39;s Mulcahy: We #39;re Moving Beyond Documents She sees Xerox becoming more of an information-services firm. Observers are skeptical, but Mulcahy says she #39;ll buy consultancies if necessary.
Berlin marks anniversary of Wall #39;s fall Subdued observations were held in Berlin Tuesday to mark the 15th anniversary of the tearing down of the Cold War-era Berlin Wall.
Earnhardt Bounced from Top Spot in NASCAR Standings DAYTONA BEACH, Florida (Sports Network) - NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. has been fined \$10,000 for cursing during a TV interview following his win at Talladega Superspeedway.
Australia beats Japan 1-0, plays for gold Brendan Kingman #39;s sixth-inning single sent Australia to a 1-0 victory Tuesday over stunned Japan, putting the Aussies in the gold medal game.
Report: Renteria OKs Deal With Red Sox All-Star shortstop Edgar Renteria told The Boston Globe he has agreed to a \$40 million, four-year contract with the Red Sox, the paper reported on its Web site Wednesday.
US mobile giants Sprint and Nextel to merge Sprint and Nextel announced today that their boards of directors have unanimously approved a  #39;definitive agreement #39; for a merger of equals creating the third-largest US mobile phone carrier.
A success in the pool and out Indianapolis, Oct. 12 - The pool where swimmers set four world records, where America #39;s most honored Olympic swimmer Jenny Thompson said goodbye, is all gone.
Groups Holds Northern Ireland Peace Talks (AP) AP - A deal taking shape Friday in negotiations on Northern Ireland's future would require the outlawed Irish Republican Army to resume disarmament and issue a new statement that, for the first time, would definitively renounce violence.
2007 target for digital TV switch The UK's switch to digital television could begin as soon as 2007, according the media watchdog Ofcom.
Dollar Gains, Oil Prices Slide (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar staged a broad-based rally\Monday and oil prices slid, boosting shares in some Asian power\and exporter companies, but many investors struggled for\direction on the first trading day of 2005.
Kobe Bryant Jury Selection Begins Today About 500 prospective jurors will be in an Eagle, Colorado, courtroom Friday, answering an 82-item questionnaire in preparation for the Kobe Bryant sexual assault trial.
Sun Looks to Wall Street in a Comeback Bid Long given up for dead (or dying), Sun is turning its own business on its head by offering to integrate many different systems.
NK Faces Severe Environmental Problems: UN Pollution and deforestation in North Korea are exacerbating its serious food shortage problems, according to a UN report released Friday that outlines a range of environmental challenges facing Pyongyang.
Afghan Election Hopeful Survives Assassination Attempt A convoy carrying Afghan President Hamid Karzais vice presidential running-mate came under attack today in north-eastern Afghanistan, the presidential palace said.
HBOS weighs up Abbey bid Banking group HBOS today stayed silent on claims that its bosses will meet this week to finalise plans for a 10bn (14.7bn) bid for Abbey National.
McCulloch deserves his call-up, says Davies Billy Davies believes Lee McCulloch is mature enough to handle his Scotland call-up in the midst of an international crisis. The Preston North End manager nurtured the powerful striker during his spell in
Firefox Browser Alternative to Microsoft Web surfing has belonged almost exclusively to Microsoft Corp.'s Internet Explorer ever since it buried Netscape's pioneering browser. That doesn't seem to have bothered the developers of the Mozilla Firefox, a feisty new kid on the block that's worth a serious look.
Brits Get Replacements for Phony XP Microsoft (Quote, Chart) will swap out phony copies of Windows XP for the real thing, but only in the UK, the company said on Wednesday.
U.S. Stocks Gain as Oil Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Monday  after a drop in oil prices eased worries about high energy  costs, although disappointing earnings from diversified  manufacturer 3M Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; curbed gains on the blue-chip Dow.
Md. Judge Strikes Down Anti-Spam Law (AP) AP - A judge has ruled that Maryland's anti-spam law  #151; the first state law to penalize senders of junk e-mail  #151; is unconstitutional because it seeks to regulate commerce outside the state's borders.
Cheney and G.O.P. Mount Vigorous Assault on Kerry Vice President Dick Cheney said that the nation's fundamental security was at stake in the presidential election.
Mutual Funds Weigh Post-Election Options (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - With the votes counted, mutual fund managers are beginning to see which of their pre-election predictions are paying off.
Sharon will press ahead with disengagement plan Despite opposition from settlers and his own Likud party, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is determined to press ahead with his disengagement plan, says Daniel Ayalon, Israel #39;s ambassador to the United States.
Screensaver hits back at spammers INTERNET users fed up with spam can go on the offensive by downloading a screensaver aimed at hitting junkmailers in the pocket, net portal Lycos said.
Indonesian leader visits site of separatist conflict BANDA ACEH, Indonesia President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of Indonesia, who has vowed to end the conflict in Aceh Province, made his first visit there Friday against a backdrop of continued violence.
The Worm works out with Nuggets Here #39;s a quote from The Worm before the run:  quot;Just because Kiki #39;s my friend, he doesn #39;t have to give me this opportunity.
Dozens killed in Baghdad market explosion Heavy smoke billows from the site of a car bomb explosion outside the headquarters of Baghdad Police in the Haifa Street area of Baghdad, considered a bastion of Saddam Hussein loyalists.
EU clears Oracle bid for PeopleSoft The European Commission has given the green light to the proposed Oracle acquisition of PeopleSoft, European Union Competition commissioner Mario Monti said.
EADS Buys Military Electronics Co. Racal European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company NV acquired US military electronics company Racal Instruments Inc. in a deal worth up to US\$130 million (euro105 million), the European defense giant said Wednesday.
China Sinopec 1H Net Rises 51 To CNY16.15 Billion HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Petroleum  amp; Chemical Corp. (SNP), China #39;s second-largest oil producer, said its first-half net profit rose 51, on increased domestic demand and higher oil prices.
Briefly: CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing roundup Plus: The company also expects to meet or exceed analyst estimates...Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge...RealNetworks signs up Red Flag Linux.
Tiny 'David' Telescope Finds 'Goliath' Planet A newfound planet detected by a small, 4-inch-diameter telescope demonstrates that we are at the cusp of a new age of planet discovery. Soon, new worlds may be located at an accelerating pace, bringing the detection of the first Earth-sized world one step closer.
OPEC curbs oil output OPEC served notice yesterday it intends to make money this winter - no matter how mild the weather might be. Meeting in Cairo, the 11-member cartel, which pumps about a third of the world #39;s oil, said it will
MCI Hires Advisers For Likely Sale Bid Just five months after emerging from bankruptcy protection, the telecommunications giant retains investment and legal advisers to solicit potential buyers, sources say.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-TheWashington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Kyocera boost to Chinese PAS unit (FT.com) FT.com - Japan's Kyocera is to supply China Telecom, the country's biggest fixed-line telephone operator, with data PC cards that will allow users of its cut-price wireless network to connect their computers to the internet.
SI.com #39;s BJ Schecter breaks down the SEC Championship Game Auburn has won nine of its 11 games by 18 points or more. The Tigers are averaging 419.2 yards per game and will pound teams on the ground before going for the kill through the air.
Fifth Avenue tops shops rich list New York's Fifth Avenue is the world's most expensive shopping street in terms of rent followed by the Champs Elysees in Paris, a retail report finds.
Jo-Ann Stores Threading Water Sales are flat for the company, but the valuation still appears to be fair.
Bombings at Two Buenos Aires Banks Kill 1 Homemade bombs exploded in two Buenos Aires banks Wednesday, killing a security guard, police said.
IBM appeals Roma ruling BIG BLUE has asked the Swiss High Court to block attempts by the Roma people to sue them for crimes against humanity. The Roma, descendants of those who were processed in Nazi death camps allegedly using IBM #39;s
All things possible for McDermott MILTON -- If you could build a prototype Mansfield Hornet, he just might look like Brett McDermott.
New Hummer Is Slimmer and Cheaper General Motors will unveil a new Hummer on Wednesday that will be smaller, cheaper and less gas-hungry than its predecessors.
Arsenal boss: Vieira 50-50 for Man Utd Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says captain Patrick Vieira is  quot;50-50 quot; to be fit for tomorrow #39;s blockbuster against Manchester United.
Latest Internet Peril: Cyber Bullies (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Parents' tend to worry about the obvious Internet dangers, such as porn, sexual predators and, to a lesser extent, misinformation. According to new studies by a non-profit group, Wired Safety, there is now another cause for alarm: cyber bullying.
He #39;s back SUZUKA, Japan Michael Schumacher returned to the Formula One winner #39;s circle today. The seven-time world champion took the checkered flag at the Japanese Grand Prix, beating his brother Ralf to the finish line by 14 seconds.
Now, the Japanese come up with the perfect chat-up-line!: World News: London, Nov 2 : Japanese men no longer have to go searching for that perfect line to make women go weak in the knees.
Musharraf in Kabul, Urges Security Cooperation  KABUL (Reuters) - Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf on  Saturday congratulated President Hamid Karzai on his election  victory and said the neighbors needed to increase cooperation  in the war on terror.
Justice Department joins probe of AIG services to PNC The US Department of Justice launched an investigation of accounting services the American International Group Inc. provided to PNC that may have violated securities laws, the company said.
New AOL Ads Revamp Its Image America Online plans to begin a new ad campaign Thursday with a redesigned logo and a fresh slogan, posed as a question to consumers:  quot;Want a better Internet?
Australian embassy blast not linked to elections: Downer JAKARTA : A deadly bomb blast outside Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta was not linked to next month #39;s Australian elections or forthcoming polls in Indonesia, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Claymores no more: NFL #39;s European franchise folds Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - The Scottish Claymores, an NFL Europe franchise, folded Thursday due to decreasing attendance.
Yankees humbled in the Bronx The New York Yankees are comfortably the richest team in baseball. Their \$180m annual wage bill is more than double that of most of their counterparts, and they have many of the game #39;s most luminous stars in their line-up.
AT amp;T, Vonage cut prices on Internet calling AT amp;T (T) and Internet telephone provider Vonage said Thursday they are cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5 a month, the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.
Rice Eager to Show Seahawks He #39;s Still Young Enough Jerry Rice still wants to run down the middle of a football field, dodging tacklers at an age when many athletes have scrambled to new careers.
Capriati Scrambles Past Chladkova Challenge at Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Crowd favorite Jennifer Capriati  flirted with disaster before scrambling past Czech Denisa  Chladkova 2-6, 6-1, 6-2 to reach the second round of the U.S.  Open on Monday.
Curse of the Bambino remains in effect I thought it was over last Saturday night. A lopsided 19-8 Game 3 win gave my beloved New York Yankees a 3-0 lead over the Boston Red Sox in the American League Championship Series.
IBM ordered to pay court costs to Compuware New York, September 28: Compuware Corp, a maker of software to manage computer systems, on Monday said a federal court had ordered International Business Machines Corp to pay certain pretrial court costs related to Compuware #39;s ongoing lawsuit against the
Cassini finds two little Saturn moons The two newly spotted, faint moons are about 3 miles and 4 miles across, and roughly 200,000 kilometres from Saturn #39;s centre.
Don't Waste Your Vote Every year, you're given the chance to have a say in how the companies you own are run. Don't blow it. Vote.
Nasdaq chief comments on NYSE controversey HOUSTON -- The New York Stock Exchange could have avoided the controversy over former chief Richard Grasso #39;s \$187.5 million pay package if it had faced more competition, the head of the Nasdaq Stock Market said Wednesday.
New SMB Tools Hit IBM AlphaWorks Site IBM Wednesday released new SMB tools on its emerging technology Web site to help customers deal with compliance issues as well as enable Business Partners to build solutions on WebSphere Express software.
No Strawberries and Cream: Sharapova Ousted by Pierce Maria Sharapova suffered a harsh introduction Saturday to the expectations that will stalk her for the rest of her career. After a third-round loss at the US
Yahoo, Adobe join hands Adobe Systems, the digital imaging, design and document technology platform provider and Internet service provider Yahoo will announce this week the launch of a co-branded Yahoo Toolbar.
U.S. Readies Revised UN Resolution on Sudan's Darfur  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States is expected to  distribute on Tuesday a revised version of its U.N. resolution  on Sudan, but retain a threat of sanctions if Khartoum does not  stop atrocities in its Darfur region, diplomats said.
Five Cities to Make Olympic Presentations (AP) AP - IOC president Jacques Rogge said the five cities bidding for the 2012 Olympics accepted his advice and agreed to stop complaining about each other.
Iraq Allies, Countering Annan, Insist War Was Legal (Reuters) Reuters - Britain, Australia and a former U.S.\official, stung by criticism from U.N. Secretary-General Kofi\Annan, insisted on Thursday that their countries' military\action in Iraq was legal.
TI Narrows Forecast for Fourth Quarter  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest maker of chips for cell phones, on Tuesday said  it expects fourth-quarter revenue and earnings per share at the  mid range of its previous estimates, as order trends remain  soft and an inventory correction continues.
Space Station crew heads home THE Russian and US crew of the International Space Station were due to land back on earth in the early hours of this morning. The astronauts were set to hurtle back to Earth inside a Russian space capsule, ending their six-month mission.
Review: Nintendo DS Computerworld's game expert reports: great graphics, good ergonomics and a decent launch library of games.
Top seeds Hewitt, Sharapova safely through in Japan Top seeds Lleyton Hewitt and Maria Sharapova were taken to three sets in their second round matches before safely advancing at the \$860,000 Japan Open on Wednesday.
Merck Profit Falls, Hurt by Vioxx Recall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said  its third-quarter profit fell, hurt by big charges for the  recall of the company's Vioxx arthritis drug in late September  after it was linked to heart attacks and strokes.
FTC in Settlement With Company That Promoted Adult Web Sites An Internet company has agreed to forgive \$17 million in customers' bills as part of an agreement with the government, the Federal Trade Commission announced Monday.
Sony abandons copy-protected CDs Sony is abandoning its copy-protected CDs that use built-in technology to limit copying them. The CDs allow users to copy their music once for free onto a personal computer, but use the internet to charge a fee for subsequent copies of the same disc.
Parmalat Announces Suits Against 45 Banks Parmalat SpA is suing 45 financial institutions to try to claw back money lost in the runup to its crash a year ago, the Italian dairy giant said Thursday.
Loyalty study zeroes in on tech stalwarts Report suggests many giants of the industry have been able to capture lasting feelings of customer loyalty.
IBM Plans Web Meeting Service, Takes Aim at WebEx (Reuters) Reuters - IBM  plans to offer\Web-conferencing as a hosted Internet service, seeking to reach\small and medium-sized business customers while taking on more\established rivals in the market, the company said on Tuesday.
Nintendo's Newest Product Aims for Adults In a shift in strategy, Nintendo plans to begin selling its next generation of hand-held video game devices in the United States in time for the coming Christmas season.
Islamist Web Site Reports Beheading of Second American The group led by the Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said that it would release a video of the second killing soon.
Fund Report: Capital Group belies its age with a late growth spurt At 73 years of age, with half a trillion dollars already to manage, the Capital Group Companies #39; American Funds have lately caught a second wind.
Israel to expand deadly offensive PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon said yesterday Israel would expand its deadliest Gaza offensive in four years, keeping troops in the area indefinitely.
Overstock.com Shares Hit All-Time High Shares of Overstock.com hit an all-time high Monday after the online retailer said it posted the largest sales in its history on the day after Thanksgiving.
John Deere, IRobot Team Up to Make Robot (AP) AP - In a trailblazing pairing of robotics and tractor companies, iRobot and John Deere announced plans Monday to build a 9-foot-long semi-autonomous battlefield vehicle.
O's Ink Veteran Palmeiro for 2005 Season (Reuters) Reuters - The Baltimore Orioles have\agreed to terms with veteran first baseman/designated hitter\Rafael Palmeiro Wednesday to a one-year contract. Financial\terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Woods Struggling to Cope with Body Changes - Singh  ST. ANDREWS, Scotland (Reuters) - Vijay Singh thinks the  main reason he has replaced Tiger Woods as world number one is  the American's failure to adapt to changes in his body.
Six Flags Unveils Fastest Roller Coaster JACKSON, N.J. - Six Flags Great Adventure is opening the world's tallest and fastest roller coaster this spring - a thrill ride that accelerates to 128 mph in 3.5 seconds and rises 456 feet off the ground...
Bomb Alert Prompts Greek Plane to Land in London  LONDON (Reuters) - A bomb alert prompted a Greek Olympic  passenger airliner to make an emergency landing at London's  Stansted Airport on Sunday, an airport spokesman said.
NBA Wrap: Spurs Squeeze Past Pistons (Reuters) Reuters - Tony Parker scored 20 points and Brent\Barry made two free throws in the final seconds to give the San\Antonio Spurs an 80-77 win over the Detroit Pistons Friday.
Gay Rights Activists Reassess Strategy (AP) AP - The ritual was replayed from Boston to San Francisco: Exuberant gay couples sharing marriage vows and slices of wedding cake.
Typhoon bears down on Japanese Grand Prix SUZUKA (Japan) - Michael Schumacher led the wet Friday practice for the Japanese Grand Prix with teams casting a wary eye to the skies with a typhoon approaching.
Bush Lauds Economy in Battleground States NASHUA, N.H. - President Bush boasted Monday of unemployment "dropping every second" in New Hampshire, the lone Northeastern state he won in 2000 and one where an awakening economy could help him in November...
High Oil Prices Might Be A Blessing In Disguise The absolute price of oil has reached a new high. The growth     of the economies in China, India and the rest of Asia are increasing the demand     for oil. There are production problems in Venezuela (strikes and sabotage), Norway (strikes), Nigeria (civil war), Iraq (sabotage) and Russia (internal politics). Hurricane Ivan and other hurricanes this year disrupted     production in the Gulf of Mexico and transportation of oil in the Atlantic.     In the next decade Eastern Europe will also require more oil to feed its growing economies. The price of crude oil has led to     prices of above \$55 a barrel and lifted heating oil to a record and     natural gas to a 20-month high. Though prices may eventually fall a bit, they are likely to remain higher than we were once     accustomed.    However, all is not gloom and doom.
US airstrikes hit Fallujah US warplanes today bombed insurgents in Fallujah as the American military resumed its plan to destroy houses and buildings believed to be used as hide-outs by militants.
US government, companies warn of critical Oracle flaws SEPTEMBER 03, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The US government #39;s Computer Emergency Response Team (US-CERT) and software security companies have issued warnings about a number of security vulnerabilities in versions of Oracle Corp.
Seagate Floats -- for a Day Seagate Technology offers a better than expected revenue and earnings forecast; the stock should still be avoided.
Microsoft Sues Alleged Software Pirates Resellers are accused of selling products with fake Certificate of Authenticity labels.
CalPERS, other big institutions, lean hard on Disney The California Public Employees #39; Retirement System and three other heavyweight institutions are turning up the heat on The Walt Disney Co.
GM strike leads to parts shortage A strike at a General Motors factory in Germany over job cuts starts to affect production at other plants.
Algeria Security Feared Behind 5,200 Deaths  ALGIERS (Reuters) - Algerian security forces members are  believed responsible for the deaths of 5,200 civilians who  disappeared during a decade-long struggle with Islamic rebels  and should face justice, a government-appointed official said.
Rockets rain on Afghanistan ahead of vote (AFP) AFP - Rockets rained on cities and military outposts across Afghanistan as the war-weary nation prepared to go to the polls in Saturday's historic presidential elections.
Celestial Summit Meeting Kenneth L. Franklin, the former Chairman and Chief Astronomer at New Yorks Hayden Planetarium, would often make reference to our  quot;dynamic and ever-changing sky.
Sudan signs key peace deals with rebels as Darfur crisis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SUDAN and its rebel enemies yesterday signed two  quot;landmark quot; peace deals to try to bring stability to the region of Darfur amid United Nations warnings that the humanitarian situation was getting worse.
MCI Offers to Pay Part of States' Claims  NEW YORK (Reuters) - MCI Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCIP.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCIP.O&lt;/A&gt; has offered to pay  states from 2 cents to 30 cents on the dollar to settle charges  it owes them as much as \$2 billion in back taxes, people  familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
Zurich employees plead guilty in insurance probe Two employees at insurance company Zurich American pleaded guilty on Tuesday to misdemeanors related to New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s investigation of bid-rigging in the insurance market, according to a New York
Ovitz Seeks to Be Excused From a Disney Suit A lawyer for Michael S. Ovitz, the former president of the Walt Disney Company, argued Wednesday that his client should be excused as a defendant in a lawsuit
Insurance scandal spreads to Britain By James Daley in London and Katherine Griffiths in New York. The UK regulator for the insurance industry has said it attempted to launch investigations into several of its member firms earlier this year, after
BRADY AND PATS DOWN CHIEFS Tom Brady threw for 315 yards and a touchdown pass as the New England Patriots defeated the Kansas City Chiefs 27-19. Brady did not turn the ball over all night and frustrated the Chiefs on third down.
IBM Rolls Out New Linux Server Using Power5 Chip  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - International Business Machines  Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Sunday announced a new computer server using  its Power5 microprocessor tuned for the popular Linux operating  system, as the No. 1 computer maker aims to broaden the  adoption of Linux in broader corporate computing markets.
Honda, GE Create Joint Company for Jet-Engine Sales (Update2) Honda Motor Co., Japan #39;s third- largest automaker, and General Electric Co., the world #39;s biggest jet-engine maker, formed a joint venture for their partnership to sell a new Honda engine for business aircraft.
News: Website offers Caller I.D. falsification service Not just for phone hackers anymore, a California entrepreneur hopes to sell bill collectors and private investigators on the virtues of spoofing.\
Undefeated Tigers outscore Vols, unlikely to get shot at national &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Auburn gave the Bowl Championship Series suits what they were looking for Saturday night. Auburn #39;s Cole Bennett (87) recovers a fumble in the end zone to score the Tigers #39; first
EU stalls over lifting China arms embargo China urged the European Union yesterday to end  quot;political discrimination quot; and resume its arms trade, but failed to secure a clear commitment on the timing of such a move.
Report: Group Threatens to Kill 15 Iraqi Soldiers  DUBAI (Reuters) - A hitherto unknown Islamist group has  threatened to kill 15 captured Iraqi soldiers if authorities do  not release an aide to Shi'ite rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr  within 48 hours, Arab television Al Jazeera reported Sunday.
YOUNG GUNS BRING BACK THE SMILES THE SMILE had been missing from Arsene Wenger #39;s face ever since the Battle of the Buffet. But watching it return at Highbury on Tuesday night, you could see exactly why Wenger has pledged his long-term future to Arsenal.
Probably best to install Windows update Q: I am not computer intelligent, so I use a tech support company for help. I have read in the paper about Service Pack 2 for Microsoft Windows XP.
Crude oil sets new mark by topping Crude oil topped \$50 per barrel during Asian trading today, pushing past the psychological milestone for the first time then surging further to new record levels likely to unsettle oil-consuming nations.
Honda to take stake in BAR-Honda F1 team Honda Motor Co. will own a stake in BAR-Honda for the first time since the Japanese automaker rejoined Formula One racing in 2000.
Economy Can Withstand High Oil -Fed  ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (Reuters) - High oil prices will probably  brake U.S. growth but will not derail the economy provided they  do not rise sharply from current levels, top Federal Reserve  policymakers said on Tuesday.
BoSox Game 4 Lineup Card Draws Record Bid (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox lineup card from Game 4 of the 2004 World Series brought a site-record bid of  #36;165,000 on MLB.com.
Internet Explorer loses market share Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer is continuing to lose some of its share of the browser market, as its much-smaller competitors slowly gain customers, according to US Internet periodical, eWeek.
Scandal, insults and a bit of politics on HK campaign trail HONG KONG : It #39;s 6.00 pm and election candidate Choy So-yuk wipes sweat from her brow as her voice drifts from the speakers in Hong Kong #39;s seedy Wan Chai district.
I couldn #39;t let team down He refused the offer of a rest in order to lead his players on the controversial visit to the crisis-torn nation. Vaughan and the 14-man squad are due to arrive in Namibia this morning for
Sudan Hopes to Reach Darfur Deal by Dec. 31 (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan hopes to reach a peace agreement\to end fighting in its troubled Darfur region by the end of the\year, Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said on Monday.
Q A: OMG member talks up UML 2.0 (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - The Object Management Group (OMG) is in the process of voting on whether to approve Unified Modeling Language (UML) 2.0, the latest version of this specification for model-driven development. InfoWorld Editor at Large Paul Krill talked about the subject with Brian Selic, IBM Distinguished Engineer and co-chairman of the OMG task force on UML 2.0.
Tramps victim to suspected Brazil death squad One vagrant died and three were badly beaten in overnight attacks in Brazil #39;s biggest city of Sao Paulo, raising the number of victims of a suspected death squad to 14 in four days.
Eagles couldn't pen it any better As he left Browns Stadium, Terrell Owens pulled a Sharpie out of his pocket and signed autographs for any fan who wanted one.
Ban OK #39;d on taxes on Net connections Congress acted yesterday to block state and local governments from taxing connections that link consumers to the Internet for the next three years.
Thatcher's Son Charged in Coup Plot CAPE TOWN, South Africa - Mark Thatcher, the son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, was arrested Wednesday and charged with helping to finance a foiled plot to overthrow the government of oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.    Thatcher, a 51-year-old businessman who has lived in South Africa since 2002, was arrested at his Cape Town home shortly after 7 a.m...
Pakistan PM makes way for Aziz Pakistan  #39;s caretaker prime minister has resigned and his cabinet dissolved in a formality to allow the finance minister to take over as head of the government.
AMD demos first dual-core processor Advanced Micro Devices demonstrated its first dual-core microprocessors today using an HP ProLiant DL585 server running four dual-core Opteron chips.
Annan Warns Falluja Assault Could Spoil Elections  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan has warned the United States, Britain and Iraq that an  assault on Falluja risked further dividing the Iraqi people and  undermining planned January elections.
Australia #39;s Molik wins women #39;s singles tennis bronze Unseeded Alicia Molik of Australia upset No. 3 Anastasia Myskina of Russia 6-3, 6-4 on Saturday to win the Olympic women #39;s singles tennis bronze medal.
Residents Return to Darfur After Fleeing Attack  SANI DELAIBA, Sudan (Reuters) - "Only God saved us when the  Janjaweed attacked. We had to walk to safety and 12 men were  killed," said Khultoum Eissa Abdallah, now back in her hometown  in Sudan's troubled Darfur region.
Bush Laments Loss of U.S. Troops in Iraq (AP) AP - With the number of American military deaths in Iraq surpassing 1,000, President Bush said Wednesday "we mourn every loss of life" and declared that the United States was making good progress in the war against terrorism.
Siebel Systems Posts Quarterly Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker Siebel  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEBL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SEBL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a quarterly profit,  after a year-earlier net loss, helped by sales of new software.
Ruiz, Golota Has Potential to Be Ugly In this photo released by DKP, boxing promoter Don King, center, poses in New York, Thursday, Nov. 11, 2004 with the eight heavyweight boxers that will do battle in New York City #39;s Madison Square Graden on Staurday, Nov. 13.
China to bid \$7B for Noranda A company owned by the Chinese government has entered talks to buy Noranda Inc. in a deal that would shake up the Canadian mining industry.
Most computer users ignore basic online security measures You may lock your doors and windows - and maybe even activate an alarm system to keep your home protected, but a new study indicates that most of us haven #39;t taken the equivalent of those basic steps when it comes to protecting ourselves when we go online.
EU Suspends Review of Microsoft Deal (AP) AP - The European Union suspended its antitrust review of Microsoft Corp.'s deal with Time Warner Inc. to develop anti-piracy software now that technology company Thomson SA has joined the proposed venture, officials said Wednesday.
Tech revival gains oomph with Microsoft earnings (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Microsoft said Thursday that its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11, beating analysts' expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
American Aaron Peirsol's Gold Restored on Appeal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Aaron Peirsol was awarded gold in the  men's 200 meters backstroke at the Athens Olympics on Thursday  after winning an appeal against his disqualification then  surviving a protest from the British and Austrian teams.
AMD Unleashes Athlon 64 FX-55 Processor The AMD Athlon 64 processor 4000, also announced today, provides businesses and consumers with world-class performance and enables a more secure computing environment.
28 killed in fighting in N. Iraqi town The death toll rose to 28 and more than 70 were wounded in heavy clashes between the US-Iraqi forces and insurgents in Iraq #39;s northern town of Tall Afar.
Enter the ultimate ego trip BACK in 1959, the seven men chosen to be the first Americans in space were trained on what Nasa called airborne microgravity missions.
Chechnya election has few voters GROZNY, Russia Under heavy security and with few voters visible in this hushed and abandoned capital, the republic of Chechnya on Sunday held a special presidential election, a step toward replacing a predecessor who was killed by a bomb.
Microsoft investigates Windows Server flaw Microsoft is investigating a security flaw in Windows server software that could allow an attacker to gain complete control over systems running the software, the company said.
Expected, unexpected for M #39;s Spiezio made his first major contribution to the Mariners in over three months, driving in four runs in a 7-3 victory over the Anaheim Angels last night.
NASA #39;s Scramjet Could Reach Mach 10 NASA plans to break the aircraft speed record for the second time in 7 1/2 months next week, by flying its X43a scramjet 110,000 feet above the Pacific Ocean at speeds close to Mach 10.
Tech stocks lead the way WALL Street #39;s broad market indicators ended nearly flat today after an early rally attempt ran out of steam, but tech stocks held on for solid gains.
Science Oddities Are Revealed to the British Public (Reuters) Reuters - One of the world's most bizarre\scientific collections went on show on Thursday.
Security for Internet Users Deemed Weak (AP) AP - Internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers. They found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated antivirus software and dozens of spyware programs secretly running on their computers.
Australia set India 543 to win third test (Reuters) Reuters - Australia declared their second innings on 329 for five, setting India 543 to win, on the fourth morning of the third test on Friday.
Even with a patchwork secondary, the Patriots just keep on winning As both the weeks and the wins pile up for the Patriots, the more preposterous it becomes. Already it #39;s as farfetched and fanciful as anything that has happened in the NFL this season, Ben Roethlisberger #39;s magic carpet ride included.
Afghan Kidnappers Ready to Negotiate Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages said Monday they were ready to negotiate with a UN envoy, but they warned that any rescue attempt would end in bloodshed and stuck to their demands that the world body withdraw from Afghanistan and that
Search Upstart Launches New Web Site By MICHAEL LIEDTKE    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Online search engine upstart Vivisimo Inc. is setting out to persuade the masses that Google Inc...
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Thursday, Nov. 18, 2004, at least 1,216 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 945 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
Iraq war illegal: Annan United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan has told the BBC that the US-led invasion of Iraq was an illegal act that contravened the UN Charter.
Stunt pilots prepare mid-air snatch of space capsule PASADENA, CALIF. - Helicopter stunt pilots from Hollywood will attempt a tricky mid-air capture Wednesday, as they try to snag the returning Genesis spacecraft and its collection of solar dust.
Gallup Poll Moves Online With Webcast Free daily eight-minute video featuring pollster-in-chief Frank Newport as a stand-up anchor talking about the firm's latest polling data goes online at 6 a.m. Monday through Friday. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Startup Launching Web-To-TV Video Service (AP) AP - The promise of Internet-based video has long been hamstrung by copyright and piracy worries, slow dial-up connections, technical challenges and consumer disdain for watching blotchy videos on their home computers. But a Silicon Valley startup is tackling those obstacles, hoping to become the first major provider of cinema straight from the Internet to the living room boob tube.
IAAF launches investigation into Greek doping scandal Track #39;s governing body began investigating Thursday whether two Greek sprinters who withdrew from the Olympics had tried repeatedly to avoid doping testers.
No. 19 Eagles desperately want to finish job Sure, Boston College may have improved its chances for a Big East title, a berth in the Bowl Championship Series, and a \$2.5 million payout with its 36-17 victory over No. 13 West Virginia Saturday at Mountaineer Field. But BC coach Tom O'Brien cautioned his team yesterday that there remained much work to do before the Eagles could begin planning ...
Afghan Jailbreak Inmate to Be Questioned An inmate injured in a deadly Afghan prison shootout will be questioned to determine if he and four comrades, all once suspected of belonging to al-Qaida, were trying to escape or were attempting to attack three American prisoners, the jail warden said
Standing firm, Arafat seen to counter his critics JERUSALEM -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat appears to have faced down the biggest challenge to his leadership in years without giving ground on demands to overhaul his administration, while Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel struggles to chart a new political course amid rising dissent in his party, officials and analysts say.
Turkey Confident of EU Membership Turkeys prime minister said yesterday that admitting his Muslim-majority country to the European Union would contribute to reconciliation between civilizations and expressed confidence that the EUs executive will recommend opening membership
Topics A, B and C in Run-up to Debate: Jobs, Jobs and Jobs Senator John Kerry will assail George Bush tonight as the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a four-year term with fewer Americans working than when he began.
British police granted more time to quiz radical cleric Abu Hamza (AFP) AFP - British police were granted more time to quiz radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri, who was arrested the day before on suspicion of committing or preparing acts of terrorism.
Solana arrives in Sudan for talks on Darfur crisis (AFP) AFP - European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana flew into the Sudanese capital where he was expected to discuss the conflict in Darfur, amid international pressure on Khartoum over the rebellion there.
Registers ring, stores are listening Consumers shrugged off rising energy costs and kept spending in October, boosting retail sales and supporting forecasts of a solid holiday season ahead for retailers.
Policewoman sued over film piracy A policewoman in Los Angeles is being sued by the US film industry after allegedly selling pirate DVDs.
Indonesian plane skids off runway, 10 die An Indonesian airplane with 146 people aboard skidded off the runway on landing at central Java #39;s Solo airport, killing at least 10 people and injuring dozens.
Supreme court begins hearing final arguments in Ukraine's election dispute (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - Tens of thousands of opposition supporters partied in Kyiv's main square Thursday, erecting a Christmas tree and waving orange flags in a show of confidence as the Supreme Court heard final arguments on whether to overturn disputed election results.
N. Korea Says Talks Way to Resolve Dispute (AP) AP - North Korea's No. 2 leader has told China that his country still regards six-nation talks on the dispute over its nuclear program as the best way to reach a solution, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said Tuesday.
Chavez lambasts fraud allegations Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez rounds on opponents for alleging fraud in a referendum he seems to have won.
The CD is king Sales of downloaded digital music in Europe will continue to grow steadily in the next five years, but will not replace the CD anytime soon.
Podium finish for Barrichello For the first time of his career, Rubens Barrichello finished the Brazilian Grand Prix on the podium. Michael Schumacher started from the back of the field and finished in the points despite spinning in the early stages of the race.
DaimlerChrysler Posts  #36;1.27B Net Profit (AP) AP - DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it earned euro1.0 billion ( #36;1.27 billion) in the third quarter on good performances from its commercial vehicles division and its U.S. Chrysler arm, rebounding from a large loss a year ago.
Nobody #39;s out of Chase, yet You can bury them in the standings but you can #39;t break their spirit. Tony Stewart and Jeremy Mayfield, both victimized by Robby Gordon #39;s retaliatory strike directed at Greg Biffle
Refugees storm Beijing consulate A group of 20 people, thought to be North Koreans, force their way into the South Korean consulate in Beijing.
LATEST FUTURES NEWS Oil prices dipped below \$46 on Tuesday, making a third day of falls as a more optimistic Iraq export picture unwound some of the supply worries that have lifted the market to historic levels.
Nothing artistic about MSG canvas Surrounded by what remained of his entourage, a victorious John Ruiz was walking through the tunnel toward his dressing room Saturday night when a spectator leaned over
Giants: Falcons impressed by first look at Eli To a veteran defensive lineman, there is a dead giveaway when a rookie quarterback is rattled. You can see it in the kid #39;s eyes.
Defense sales boost Boeing profit 78 -ebounding from an ethics scandal that torpedoed a \$22 billion deal to lease new refueling tankers to the Air Force, Boeing (BA) on Wednesday reported a 78 jump
Babies found in Iraqi mass grave The bodies of women and children are exhumed in north Iraq, as investigators seek evidence against Saddam.
Braves Beat Astros 4-2 to Even National League Playoff Series Rafael Furcal hit a two-run homer in the bottom of the 11th inning as the Atlanta Braves beat the Houston Astros 4-2 to even their first-round National League playoff series at one game apiece.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees can clinch a playoff berth tonight, and they can do it with a pitcher who is still unbeaten this year.
Troy shows #39;em TROY - The Troy University Trojans put their new-fangled marketing bells and whistles on display for a national television audience Thursday night, but it was old-fashioned football that secured the 24-14 upset over No.
Hamza #39;s case in Britain will halt US extradition Abu Hamza, the Muslim cleric wanted by the Americans for alleged terrorist offences, is to face a prosecution in the British courts that will sideline the United States extradition.
Iraq Explosives Become Issue in Campaign The White House sought to explain the missing explosives in Iraq; John Kerry said the president had put U.S. troops at risk.
Clijsters makes winning return Belgian tennis player Kim Clijsters has made a successful return from a long injury lay-off, overcoming dogged Czech Iveta Benesova 7-6, 6-2 in the second round of the Belgian Open.
Australasia ; Pitcairn sex abuses, six convicted Australasia News, SYDNEY, Australia: Six men were convicted of a string of sex attacks on the remote Pacific island of Pitcairn, media there reported Monday, following trials that exposed a culture of sexual abuse on the island home of descendants of the
Filipino still hostage in Iraq Editor #39;s Note: Published on page A1 of the November 8, 2004 issue of the Philippine Daily Inquirer. HOPES FELL yesterday for Filipino accountant Robert Tarongoy, held hostage in Iraq, but rose for compatriot
Services Buy Broadens Sun #39;s Software Support SevenSpace will be absorbed entirely into Sun #39;s Services operation.  quot;It is growing more evident by the day that  #39;one size fits all #39; outsourcing is history, quot; said Marissa Peterson, executive vice president at Sun Services.
Danforth: Want to spend time with my wife US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth wants to return to private life when President George W. Bush begins his second term.
ASEAN, Australia, N.Zealand See 2007 Pact  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Southeast Asian nations, Australia and  New Zealand hope to conclude a free trade agreement (FTA) by  2007 after beginning formal negotiations next year, Australian  Trade Minister Mark Vaile said on Sunday.
Chaos as thousands swarm Arafat burial By Philippe Naughton, Times Online, and Stephen Farrell in Ramallah. Yassir Arafat was laid to rest in the West Bank city of Ramallah today amid a chaotic send-off from the people he had led as fighter and figurehead for almost four decades.
Murdoch pledges Australian growth NEWS Corporation would continue to grow its publishing business in Australia following the company #39;s move to the US, chairman and chief executive Rupert Murdoch stressed yesterday.
Marathoner Finishes Third After Attack ATHENS, Greece - A defrocked Irish priest bolted from the crowd and grabbed the marathon leader about three miles from the finish Sunday. The Brazilian runner wound up with the bronze - and a special award for sportsmanship - and the former priest was arrested...
Moore's Pre-Election TV Special Nixed (AP) AP - The cable pay-per-view company iN DEMAND has backed away from a plan to show a three-hour election eve special with filmmaker Michael Moore that included the first television showing of his documentary "Fahrenheit 9/11."
NFL Wrap: Patriots Roll to 20th Straight Win (Reuters) Reuters - Corey Dillon rushed for 105 yards and\two touchdowns as the New England Patriots won their 20th\consecutive game, defeating the Seattle Seahawks 30-20 in
Catch The Shooting Stars In Tonight #39;s Meteor Shower This one is named Geminids because it seems to originate from the constellation Gemini. It will deliver about a dozen stars an hour.
Canton reaches goal Canton field hockey coach Christine O'Connor didn't think one goal would be enough to beat Watertown last night. She's overjoyed that her defense proved her wrong.
Venture capitalists curb investment in third quarter Venture capitalists curtailed their investments in the third quarter, suggesting the financiers who bankrolled the dot-com boom are taking a more sober approach to the revived interest in high-tech startups.
World record in sights of 100-meter field  quot;We #39;re going to have a party, quot; Maurice Greene said Saturday, looking forward to Sunday #39;s final in the Olympic men #39;s 100-meter dash.
Storm Sinks Lynx Lauren Jackson scores 14 points to lead the Seattle Storm past the Minnesota Lynx 70-58 Saturday in the first game of their Western Conference semifinal series.
A Computer In Every Classroom Schools are spending a fortune on technology in the hopes of gaining relevance with Generation I.  Bad news--they've already lost.
Salvadoran prison clashes leave at least 31 dead San Salvador -- At least 31 prisoners died and 23 were wounded yesterday during clashes between gang members and other inmates in El Salvador #39;s largest prison, officials said.
A-Rod a bigger villain in one swipe It was an innocent enough looking roller. But, almost immediately, you sensed something weird was going to happen to the Red Sox at a critical juncture of a game they could not afford to lose.
Bain acquires SuperPages Canada Bain Capital, a Boston private-equity firm, has agreed to buy the Canadian phone-directory business of Verizon Communications Inc. for \$1.54 billion. SuperPages Canada is the nation's second-largest publisher of phone directories. The deal includes online directories. SuperPages Canada had \$293 million in revenue last year. (Beth Healy)
Pentagon Envisioning a Costly Internet for War The Pentagon is building its own Internet, which will give commanders and troops a moving picture of all enemies and threats.
Sudan Talks in Nigeria Said Deadlocked  ABUJA (Reuters) - After two weeks of talks to end the  crisis in Sudan's Darfur region, government and rebel  negotiators remain far apart on key security issues, including  disarming warring factions, rebels and diplomats said on  Monday.
NBA Game Summary - Dallas at San Antonio The Mavericks are 4-3 on the road this season...The Spurs have won 18 straight regular-season home games dating back to last year...Dallas had a season-low eight assists. San Antonio, TX (Sports Network) - Tim
Williams Stays Retired Retired running back Ricky Williams has no immediate plans to resume his NFL career with the Dolphins, his attorney said.
Press Conferences to Highlight Latest Cassini Results PASADENA, Calif., Nov. 5 (AScribe Newswire) -- Cassini scientists will report on the latest results from the mission during two press conferences at the Division for Planetary Sciences meeting in Louisville, Ky.
Brand Names Take a Beating Sure, there are more brands than ever. But their value is plummeting as consumer loyalty evaporates. Who's to blame? A new breed of hyperinformed superconsumers. By James Surowiecki from Wired magazine.
Rockstar Speaks on San Andreas Piracy Take-Two means serious business regarding the recent string of illegal content sharing on the net. October 20, 2004 - As several of our readers are no doubt aware by now, an illegal version of Grand Theft
The Choice on the Environment ALTHOUGH POLITICIANS tend to talk about  quot;the environment quot; as if it were a single, easily defined topic, environmental issues range quite widely, from climate change to nuclear waste disposal to forest management.
U.S. Says More Iraqi Police Are Needed as Attacks Continue At a time when Iraqi insurgents are targeting local police officers and recruits for attack, the United States has raised by one-third -- to 135,000 -- the size of the Iraqi police force it says will be needed to help secure the country, according to information the administration has provided to Congress.
Racist taunts at England-Spain Fans taunted black players on England #39;s team Wednesday night during Spain #39;s 1-0 victory in an exhibition game. Fans at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium made monkey sounds whenever Shaun Wright-Phillips and Ashley Cole had the ball.
Disease Killing Beech Trees in Smokies (AP) AP - Scientists say a nonnative insect is to blame for a disease that's killing beech trees in the higher elevations of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Stamps.com Cancels Investor Presentation (Reuters) Reuters - Stamps.com , which sells\postage over the Internet, said on Thursday its chief executive\canceled his appearance at the ThinkEquity conference in San\Francisco due to a scheduling conflict.
IBM Rolls Out Low-End Express Servers (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Taking aim at mid-market businesses, as well as its competition in the server space, IBM (NYSE: IBM) is delivering two new Unix-based products designed to meet the company's cost-conscious Express guidelines.
Google Phishing Holes Found (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Two Google site vulnerabilities that could be used to mount phishing attacks have been reported, says the Internet search giant. It already has fixed one, and expects to patch the second shortly.
Airline talks nose dive Pilots at US Airways blamed the company for a breakdown in concession negotiations over the weekend, as time runs down on efforts to avoid a second bankruptcy filing in two years.
Soyuz Capsule Lands on Kazakhstan Steppe (AP) AP - A Russian-U.S. crew returned to Earth from the international space station Sunday in a pinpoint landing on the Kazakhstan steppe, and NASA's chief said the United States wanted to continue the joint relationship on future missions to Mars.
Who Was Abused? The kids of the abuse-hysteria generation have grown up. Many are living with the fact that they were part of a big lie. Some, like Ed Sampley, are now trying to make amends.
India offers to supply diesel to Pak Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri on Monday met Petroleum Minister Mani Shankar Aiyar to discuss areas of bilateral cooperation in the energy sector.
Son Running for Ill. Rep.'s House Seat (AP) AP - Democratic Party officials picked U.S. Rep. William Lipinski's son Tuesday to replace his father on the November ballot, a decision engineered by Lipinski after he announced his retirement and withdrew from the race four days earlier.
China Airlines scales back in-flight Internet plans Taiwan's largest airline plans to sign a deal tomorrow that clears the way for the Connexion by Boeing in-flight Internet service to be offered on one Boeing 747-400 aircraft that flies between Taiwan and North America.
AOL, Microsoft Spar on Spam It wasn #39;t long ago that competitive entities seemed to be joining together to combat Internet users #39; common foe, spam. However, despite the fact that big Internet players
Commander: Iraq Insurgents Killed American (AP) AP - Insurgent forces in Fallujah attacked U.S. Marines and Iraqi government forces from a house inside the city Thursday, killing one Marine and one Iraqi soldier, a Marine commander said.
Citigroup CEO rules out takeovers  #39;We #39;re not a deal-focused company, #39; Prince tells newspaper; adds bank must focus on ethics. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The chief executive of Citigroup Inc.
Microsoft comes to small screen Comcast Cable yesterday announced a plan to roll out Microsoft #39;s software across its digital-cable system in Washington state.
Els Haunted by Major Failures  CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland (Reuters) - World number  three Ernie Els says he feels a failure after narrowly missing  out on three of the year's four major championships.
PM Pledges Russia Will Meet Oil Goals Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov pledged Friday that Russia would keep meeting its oil export commitments to China, an apparent reference to fears that a cut in production at the beleaguered Yukos oil company could harm Beijing.
Apologies placate chairman on racism penalty DAVID GOLD, the Birmingham City chairman, initially felt that the punishment given yesterday to a Blackburn Rovers supporter who racially abused Dwight Yorke last Sunday was too lenient.
Proof that size isnt everything A quick glance down the list of clubs Paul Dickov has played for inexorably leads to one conclusion: the man is football #39;s eternal optimist.
Plane forced to land  #39;on full emergency #39; An Olympic Airlines flight from Athens to New York was forced to land Sunday at London #39;s Stansted Airport  quot;on a full emergency, quot; a spokeswoman said.
Iraq Parties Join Forces to Avert Defeat (AP) AP - In the months before the invasion of Iraq, the United States groomed exiled opposition groups as the nucleus of a future government to replace Saddam Hussein. Now with elections approaching, the parties still enjoy little support among ordinary Iraqis who view them as corrupt puppets of Washington.
Tech Trio Share Cell Processor Details IBM, Sony, and Toshiba dropped some details on the co-developed next generation processor, code-named Cell, which was first announced in 2001.
Rockets kill four Gurkha guards in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone FOUR former Gurkhas working for a British security firm have been killed in a rocket attack in Baghdad, one of the deadliest strikes so far on the capitals high-security Green Zone.
Yahoo buys e-mail search company com October 21, 2004, 6:42 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Is it acceptable to list an MBA degree on business cards?  Q: Is it acceptable to list an MBA degree on business cards? I received a master's in business 10 years ago, and at that time it was never done. Now I see MBAs popping up everywhere, right next to MD, JD, CPA, CFA, and other professional designations. S.S., Reading
Anwar fails to erase criminal record Malaysian rebel politician Anwar Ibrahim failed yesterday in a final court bid to erase his criminal record and to immediately rejoin active politics, leaving a royal pardon as his only way back.
Iowa weathers Cyclones IOWA CITY, Iowa -- Ed Hinkel made a diving, fingertip catch for a key touchdown and No. 16 Iowa stiffened on defense when it needed to most to beat Iowa State, 17-10, yesterday.
Intuit Posts Wider Loss After Charge SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intuit Inc. (INTU.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , maker of the No. 1 US tax presentation software TurboTax, on Wednesday posted a wider quarterly loss from a year earlier after taking a goodwill impairment charge during its ...
Euro continues surge against US dollar, hitting new high of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The dollar plunged to a new low against the euro Thursday, which hit \$1.3074 US in a rise that has been fuelled by nagging concerns about high oil prices and Washington #39;s trade and budget deficits.
Pope returns icon to Russia A Vatican delegation has returned a centuries-old Russian Orthodox icon to Russia #39;s Orthodox patriarch in a special ceremony. The Icon of Our Lady of Kazan, which has spent the last
Pacers #39; O #39;Neal Sidelined by Foot Injury Pacers Coach Rick Carlisle said yesterday that O #39;Neal probably would miss the remaining five games to rest a strained ligament in his left foot.
Microsoft sees bespoke Windows everywhere &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Premium hand-tuning service available
Court yet to rule on US Airways pay cut Bankrupt US Airways received approval yesterday to use \$745 million in cash over the next three months, but a US Bankruptcy Court judge gave lawyers
Lawmakers Getting Flu Shot Sparks Debate (AP) AP - President Bush didn't get one. Neither did most of his Cabinet. Same for Democrat John Kerry and running mate John Edwards. The presidential candidates said they passed up a flu shot because of the vaccine shortage.
Three arraigned in \$3 million extortion scheme involving NBA star &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A lawyer and two ex-convicts remained in jail Wednesday after being arraigned on charges of trying to use a videotape of a fistfight to blackmail Denver Nuggets basketball star Carmelo Anthony for \$3 million.
Asian Leaders Urged to Prompt N. Korea to Resume Talks Secretary of State Colin Powell is wrapping up an East Asia trip focused on prodding North Korea to resume talks aimed at ending its nuclear-weapons program.
Gatlin and Greene Head Field in Yokohama  TOKYO (Reuters) - Justin Gatlin will face Maurice Greene,  whose Olympic title he took in Athens last month, in a  high-quality 100 meters race in Yokohama on September 23,  organizers said Thursday.
Stocks show early strength Bargain hunting is sending stock prices higher even as oil futures top 50 dollars per barrel. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 29 points in today #39;s early going.
Thoughts of How and Why for Yanks It was the longest postseason series ever, 29 hours and 7 minutes of theater that shook the psyches of two of baseball #39;s bedrock franchises.
Please hand the opposition the silver bullet ... so it may finally &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; University de Los Andes (ULA) lecturer Jutta Schmitt writes: In the wake of the Presidential recall referendum and as soon as the preliminary results had been announced by the National Elections Council (CNE) in the early morning hours of Monday, August 16
Headscarf row mars Turkey's 81st birthday (AFP) AFP - Turkey celebrated the 81st anniversary of its foundation, but the festivities were marred by an embargo that President Ahmet Necdet Sezer slapped on women with Islamic headscarves at a reception in his palace.
Blue Jackets re-signs G Denis, RW Vyborny #NAME?
Greenspan: Home Prices Not Hurting Economy (AP) AP - The record level of debt being carried by American households and soaring home prices do not appear to represent serious threats to the U.S. economy, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Tuesday.
Gates to announce Windows update tool Microsoft's  founder is expected to detail the company's plan for computer management software and announce a long-awaited Windows update tool.
U.S. moves closer to e-passports The State Department will begin issuing electronic passports with microchips that store biometric and other data by early next year.
Yahoo Offers Personalized Search - My Yahoo Search Yahoo Offers Personalized Search - My Yahoo Search\\Google has been testing its lab version of personalied search. Eurekester and AskJeeves have brought personalized search out into the open by getting the jump on the other large search engines. And now Yahoo is in the game with the release of My ...
Piper Rudnick to Merge With Big British Firm Piper Rudnick Gray Cary LLP, a law firm with major operations in Washington, agreed over the weekend to merge with British firm DLA LLP, creating one of the largest combinations ever of law firms from different countries.
Lebanese hostage freed in Iraq Two Lebanese held hostage in Iraq for more than two months have been freed and returned home, officials said in Beirut Friday. Marwan Kassar and Mohammed Hussein, who had been working in Iraq for the Lebanese
Colombian Drug Kingpin Extradited to U.S (AP) AP - Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, the most powerful Colombian drug trafficker ever extradited to the United States, said he was innocent in an interview made shortly before he was flown to Miami over ther weekend.
A New Player in Desktop Search Copernic, a well-known developer of web search tools, is entering the desktop search marketplace with the release of a new product today.
Fed's Olson Says Economy Still Improving (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. economic growth, while\improving, has not hit the pace it was expected to do by now,\Federal Reserve Governor Mark Olson said on Monday.
Jobs Data Give Fed Green Light for Sept Rate Hike A moderate rise in August payrolls sealed expectations on Friday that the Federal Reserve will continue its rate-hike campaign in September without a pause.
Yorkshire #39;s finest enjoy an afternoon of pure luxury The Popular Front of Yorkshire #39;s takeover of the England dressing room is in full swing. The Holy not-far-from Wakefield Trinity of skipper Jason Robinson, fly-half Charlie Hodgson and vice-captain Mike Tindall
Update 1: Heinz 1Q Profits Are Down, but Sales Climb HJ Heinz Co., the maker of ketchup and other foods, reported its first-quarter earnings fell 9 percent from results a year ago when its profits were boosted by the sale of some of its businesses to Del Monte.
Kerry Does 'Top Ten' on Letterman Show (AP) AP - Democrat John Kerry joked Monday on "The Late Show with David Letterman" about changes under President Bush's tax plan, including that Vice President Dick Cheney can claim the president as a dependent.
Wrigley to Buy Altoids, Life Savers From Kraft for \$1.48 Bln Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co., the world #39;s largest maker of chewing gum, agreed to buy candy businesses including Altoids mints and Life Savers from Kraft Foods Inc.
Vizquel moves to Giants, opening door for Peralta SAN FRANCISCO - Omar Vizquel hopes to revitalize his career with a new team in a new league. The San Francisco Giants just hope the veteran shortstop has a few more good years in him.
Intel polishes first Flash development kit for mobiles Intel has unveiled its first Flash Software Developer Kit (SDK) for mobiles, promising that the Flash Data Integrator 6.0 (Intel FDI) will help developers boost performance of advanced applications for multimedia smartphones.
IAEA Considers Action on Failures to Report Nuclear Activities The International Atomic Energy Agency board of governors meets behind closed doors Monday to discuss whether failures by Iran and South Korea to fully declare nuclear experiments should go to the United Nations Security Council.
This week in supercomputers A new list of the top machines is  about to be released and SGI, IBM and others are jostling for bragging rights.
Thai Queen Urges End to Violence in Muslim South Thailand #39;s Queen Sirikit has made a rare public appeal for all Thais to help end 10 months of violence in the south that has killed hundreds of people.
Wilmington keeps its unbeaten record intact Tewksbury Redmen fans were seeing red yesterday after watching their team get clawed by the ferocious Wilmington Wildcats, 19-8.
Australia #39;s Fairfax poised for growth if media laws relaxed SYDNEY: Australia #39;s Fairfax newspaper group said it is well placed for expansion if the government goes ahead with a plan to use its newly won control of both houses of parliament to relax media ownership laws.
U.N. Searches for Missing Aid Workers (AP) AP - U.N. workers searched by land and air Tuesday for eight Sudanese aid workers missing in rebel-controlled territory in the western Darfur region, officials said Tuesday.
Chinas fixed-asset investment eases slightly Chinas fixed-asset investment in October was up 26.4 percent from a year earlier, down from the previous month but at a level analysts said was still high enough for Beijing to keep a tight grip on credit.
Politician #39;s arrest stirs suspicions in Hong Kong BEIJING - The arrest of a Hong Kong pro-democracy candidate in mainland China on charges of soliciting a prostitute touched off a media furor in the former British colony yesterday and fueled suspicion that Beijing was trying to influence ...
Sainsbury #39;s goes back to basics AILING supermarkets group Sainsbury #39;s is slashing its dividend, axing 750 head office jobs and pouring 3,000 new staff on to the shop floor in a last-ditch attempt to revive its fortunes.
Air China: No Impact From China Aviation Oil Debacle HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Air China Ltd. (0753.HK), the mainland #39;s largest commercial airline, Thursday said the China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp.
CEO of Coke lowers outlook for quarter Coca-Cola #39;s chief executive yesterday said the world #39;s largest beverage maker needs to work harder, better execute its strategy, and improve its culture
Report on Day Care Death Finds Flaws in System New York's Health Department called its oversight of day care centers a bureaucratic maze riddled with problems that spell potential dangers for children.
Settlers #39; compensation board formed A disengagement administration that would handle compensation to the evacuated Gaza Strip and northern West Bank settlers was established Sunday.
Nintendo, Sony game for gaming war The holiday shopping season is set to be a shoot- #39;em-up round in the video game industry, as its top players Nintendo and Sony go head to head by launching new and advanced hand-held machines.
Megapixels Gone Mad? Sony's new Cyber-shot P150 raises the bar for high-resolution cameras at affordable prices.
Prison confirmed for Lindh killer Sweden's Supreme Court rules the killer of politician Anna Lindh will serve life in jail, not in psychiatric care.
Bush should have tackled reform before naming CIA boss: lawmaker (AFP) AFP - The top Democrat on the House intelligence committee urged fellow lawmakers not to allow confirmation hearings on a new CIA director to derail efforts to overhaul US spy agencies.
To Know Me, Know My IPod When a colleague recently sold me his iPod with more than 3,000 songs still on it, his musical tastes showed me a side of him I had never seen.
China Computer Maker Acquires IBM PC Biz (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. is selling a majority stake in its pioneering personal computer business to China's biggest computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd., for  #36;1.75 billion in cash and stock.
Radio One Makes Move CEO Alfred Liggins III to buy a controlling stake in radio personality Tom Joyner's media company, furthering his attempt to turn the radio company into a diversified media group.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Telstra announces \$750m share buy back Telstra Corp has announced a \$750 million off-market share buy-back as part of its capital management program. Telstra expects to return \$1.
As Microsoft Turns: The Soap Opera Plays On (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: In last week's episode, Microsoft sent  #36;546 million Novell's way; this week, Microsoft launches a campaign to win over Novell customers. Will such moves land the software giant back in court?
Jets rout Dolphins, tie Pats in AFC East Martin, Jordan each rush for 115 yards as New York grabs share of the division lead. By Andrea Adelson. EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- No miracles needed this time.
US leader snaps up email firm KVault A BERKSHIRE-based email archiving company, KVault Software, has been bought for \$225m (125m) by Veritas Software, a leading US security specialist.
Caymas introduces company and products (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Caymas Systems made its formal debut Monday, releasing three identity-driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.
Iranian judo scandal Iran #39;s Judo champion, a favourite at the Athens Games, has disqualified himself rather than face an Israeli opponent, apparently on the instruction of Iran #39;s Olympic Committee. So far the International Olympic Committee has been silent. What #39;s your view? ...
US, Key Allies Want N. Korea Nuke Talks in Sept. The United States, Japan and South Korea agreed on Friday to try to arrange a fresh round of six-party talks this month on dismantling North Korea #39;s nuclear
SEC Seeks Accounting Information from GM and Ford US regulators asked automotive giants General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. for information on how they account for pension and health care plans, the companies said on Tuesday.
Sharon Demands Syria Curb Militants Before Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\rejected reported peace overtures by Syria on Wednesday, saying\it had to crack down on Islamic militant groups under its\control before negotiations that stalled in 2000 could resume.
Windows XP SP2 update installation not an easy ride Citadel Security Software Inc., a security management and policy enforcement solutions provider, said its automated vulnerability remediation (AVR) solution, Hercules, is designed to assist with managing the rollout of Microsofts XP Service Pack 2 update
Australia PM Gets Down to Work on Fourth Term (Reuters) Reuters - Australia's conservative Prime Minister\John Howard, handed the most powerful mandate in a generation,\got down to work on Monday with reform of telecommunications,\labor and media laws high on his agenda.
UK Telecoms Watchdog Might Relax 3G License Rules  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain might relax rules about the  speed at which mobile phone operators have to build out  third-generation (3G) networks as part of a radical overhaul to  throw open the highly-regulated market for radio frequencies.
Koalas to get contraceptives KOALA bears are to be implanted with contraceptives to keep their numbers down and stop them munching the landscape bare at an Australian national park.
Disney finds buyer of retail chain SECAUCUS, NJ Disney has a deal to sell its retail chain in North America to Children #39;s Place. The long-sought agreement includes a licensing pact allowing Children #39;s Place to operate the 313 stores under the Disney Store brand name.
Infineon pleads guilty of DRAM price fixing; to pay \$160mn fine LONDON, September 16 (New Ratings) - Infineon Technologies (IFX.ETR) has agreed to plead guilty and to pay a fine of \$160 million to settle the federal charges of participating in an international conspiracy of DRAM price fixing.
Williams Advances to China Open Final (AP) AP - Serena Williams overcame problems with her serve to defeat Russia's Vera Zvonareva 6-2, 6-3 Saturday, advancing to the China Open final against U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Walking May Ward Off Alzheimer's Disease By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- Walking regularly at age 70 and beyond can help keep the mind sharp and ward off Alzheimer's disease, according to research suggesting that what is good for the heart is also good for the brain.    Some previous studies found that physical activity might stave off mental decline...
Dell, Gateway Settle into the Living Room  quot;If you are talking about the media center PC in the family room, it #39;s going to be a disappointing experience, quot; Gartner research vice president Martin Reynolds told TechNewsWorld.
IBM to support Sybase for Linux IBM is extending its support for the products of one of its software competitors, Sybase, to present a Linux server-software package.
Unilever Profits Caution Hits Shares Unilever shares fell sharply after the household products giant issued a warning over its profits for 2004. The Anglo-Dutch food-to-detergents group admitted that its leading brands #39; performance in the third quarter would be below that of the second.
Creating Animated Screenshots on Linux \\This is a cool little feature I've been wanting for a while now.\\Every once in a while I'll develop some cool feature in some software that I'm\writing and want to show off a screenshot.  The only problem is that without\showing how it interacts with the user I can't demo the features raw power.\\An animated screenshot would solve this but no existing screenshot tools support\animated gif output.\\It turns out that 'convert' from ImageMagick supports. Ksnapshot can be used to\grab the screens and 'convert' can stitch them together.\\Heres what you do:\\- Startup ksnapshot and take a series of snaps from your application.  Each\  snapshot should be an independent frame in the series.\\- Save ...\\
Linksys inks Verizon VoIP deal, intros products Cisco Systems Inc #39;s Linksys home networking division yesterday said it has made a deal with Verizon Communications to have Linksys kit used in Verizon #39;s VoiceWing voice over IP service.
GM beefs up incentives after disappointing November sales General Motors Corp., coming off a disappointing November sales period and battling to regain US market share, will launch a new promotion Friday that includes cash bonuses on many new models in addition to incentives already available.
Knight Trading Sees 3Q Operating Loss Knight Trading Group Inc., an equities trading company serving institutional and broker-dealer clients, said Wednesday that it will report a third-quarter operating loss of 1 cent to 4 cents per share due to poor performance in its
Atomic confession no bar to talks TOKYO: Japan, South Korea, and the US have agreed six-nation talks on North Korea #39;s nuclear drive would take place this month as planned, despite Seoul #39;s admission of secret atomic research, a Japanese official said.
FOCUS: Ericsson Market Share Gains Set To Continue STOCKHOLM (Dow Jones)--Expectations for Telefon AB LM Ericsson #39;s (ERICY) third-quarter performance imply that while sales of mobile telephony equipment are expected to have dipped, the company
US sets penalties on import of shrimp The Bush administration upheld yesterday the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.
IBM Unleashes New RFID Middleware In the increasingly competitive RFID arena, IBM on Thursday will release the first three products from its recently formed \$250 million S amp;A (Sensor  amp; Actuator) arm.
Oil Scales \$52 on Winter Fuel Fears  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil's record-breaking rally lifted U.S.  crude beyond \$52 a barrel on Wednesday, fueled by the impact of  Hurricane Ivan on U.S. winter inventories.
Tigers in Thai zoo dying of bird flu BANGKOK - Avian influenza has killed 23 tigers and sickened 30 more at a private zoo in eastern Thailand, Thai officials said on Tuesday.
Islamabad, Kabul to fight terror KABUL: President Pervez Musharraf on Saturday pledged to fight terrorism offensively and promised full cooperation with Afghanistan during a visit to the Afghan capital.
AMD's Ruiz disappointed by Microsoft's 64-bit delays Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) is disappointed by Microsoft Corp.'s decision to delay the introduction of 64-bit versions of its Windows operating system, but sees no significant impact from the delay on sales of its 64-bit processors, the company's top executive said Thursday.
Microsoft demonstrates supercomputing Windows A forthcoming version of Windows Server is designed for building supercomputers from clusters of PCs.
Goldcorp Agrees to Buy Wheaton River for \$1.8 Bln (Update3) Goldcorp Inc., Canada #39;s fourth-largest gold producer, has agreed to buy Wheaton River Minerals Ltd. for \$1.8 billion in stock, giving Goldcorp its first assets outside of North America, Chief Executive Robert R. McEwen said.
GM and DaimlerChrysler team up on hybrid engine General Motors and DaimlerChrysler are collaborating on development of fuel- saving hybrid engines in hopes of cashing in on an expanding market dominated by hybrid leaders Toyota and Honda.
US Treasuries take a fall on upbeat sales data Treasuries were stripped of early gains on Monday as US retail sales data proved strong when many in the market had been betting on a weak outcome.
Spirit captures some evidence that underground source created rock &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASA #39;s older Martian robotic rover, Spirit, has found evidence that underground water changed a major rock formation called the Columbia Hills, scientists said Thursday.
Dozens Killed in U.S. Offensive in Iraq U.S. and Iraqi forces launched a major assault Friday to regain control of the insurgent stronghold of Samarra, and hospital officials said at least 80 people were killed.
Iran Says Preliminary Nuclear Deal Reached with EU (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union's three big powers\and Iran have reached a preliminary deal over Tehran's disputed\nuclear program which could be finalized in the next few days,\a senior Iranian security official said Sunday.
Report: Boeing Probe Widens Government scrutiny of Boeing (BA:NYSE - news - research) appears to be widening, with federal prosecutors reportedly now looking at a \$100 billion Army program Boeing oversees.
Geminid meteor showers alarm area residents WASHINGTON It #39;s a global celestial event and scientists say the annual Geminid Meteor Shower is the best astronomy show of the year.
Qwest Posts 3rd-Qtr Loss; Increases Legal Reserves (Update4) Qwest Communications International Inc. posted a third-quarter loss of \$569 million after setting aside more money to settle lawsuits stemming from a three-year, \$3.
Intel backtracks on offering chips for projection TVs now In another product postpone-ment, semiconductor giant Intel Corp said it won #39;t be offering a chip for projection TVs by the end of this year as it had announced earlier this year.
Oil Dips But Holds Above \$48 on SPR Loan  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices fell to just above \$48 on  Friday after the U.S. government said it would lend refiners  crude from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR), but traders  deemed the loan too small to have a lasting impact.
KMart at New High; Price Target Raised (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. \hit an all-time high on Tuesday after an analyst raised his\price target on the stock to  #36;101 from  #36;85 a share.
IMPERFECTION WON #39;T BEAT PERFECTION In their attempt to stop the Patriots #39; pursuit of perfection - which has reached 21 straight victories, including six to start the season - the Jets were imperfect.
'A Massive Experiment' In Voting (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Trust the computer. That's what Maryland told Linda Schade.
GM Europe May Create New Company, Move HQ (Reuters) Reuters - General Motors may bundle its\European operations in a new company based in Brussels in a\move to cut costs and simplify management structures, a German\newspaper reported on Saturday.
Darfur peace talks hobble along amid bitter disputes over security (AFP) AFP - Delegates at peace talks to end a conflict in Sudan's western Darfur region traded bitter accusations of ceasefire violations as African Union mediators battled to keep the conference on track.
Chrysler recalls 240,000 vans over threat of speaker fire DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Chrysler recalled 240,000 Dodge Caravan and similar minivans and sedans because a short circuit can set fire to rear speakers of the radio.
Nikkei Erases Gains  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei erased opening gains by  mid-morning on Monday as caution over the yen's rise offset  optimism about the post-election outlook for Wall Street.
Notable quotes Friday at the Athens Olympics  quot;I respect totally Paul Hamm and all the decisions he makes. If he says give back the medal, I respect it. Don #39;t give back the medal, I respect the decision.
6 Egyptians return back to their families, Azzam is grateful for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The 6 Egyptian students who arrived from Israel, arrived in their houses in the outskirts of Cairo, amid joys and happiness of their families after they had spent one full day of investigations with the Egyptian security and intelligence forces.
Iran #39;s parliament refuses to approve tough nuclear inspections TEHRAN: Iran #39;s conservative-controlled parliament said it would not ratify a treaty allowing tougher UN nuclear inspections after the International Atomic Energy Agency passed a tough resolution against the Islamic republic.
Digital Home Edges Nearer The much-discussed convergence of computers and home entertainment took a big step toward fruition with an October 12 announcement by Microsoft Corporation.
Els, Bjorn shake off demons ERNIE ELS was as good as his word. On Friday, when he led the American Express Championship by two strokes after 36 holes, he said it was time he rededicated himself to golf after being overshadowed by Vijay Singh.
Lights-out putting ends Overton run By STEVE FORD Courier  amp; Press staff writer 464-7511 or sfordevansville.net. Jeff Overton #39;s run in the 104th US Amateur at Winged Foot Golf Club near New York City ended one day too soon.
Corporations too trusting of Indian security ERNST AND YOUNG #39;S the Global Information Security Survey is just the latest to survey senior management #39;s cluelessness when it comes to IT and are far too trusting when it comes to Indian outsourcing, it alleges.
Grizzlies stun Spurs on go-ahead 3-pointer Bonzi Wells scored 26 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer with less than a minute left, and Lorenzen Wright had 10 points and 10 rebounds to help Memphis beat the San Antonio Spurs 93-90 on Monday night.
Swedes Czech out early The scattered tickets outside the Globe Arena told the story. There were no souvenirs from this one. In yet another important game that demanded the team be at its best, Sweden was at its worst.
Els still has major ambitions after l million pound payday in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ernie Els has another 1 million pounds and a World Match Play record all to himself. But he wants more. And top of the South African #39;s agenda for 2005 is to try to win the Masters and US PGA titles.
Chelsea Beats Paris St. Germain in Champions League  LONDON (Reuters) - Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for  a second successive Champions League title in the best way  possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St. Germain 3-0 in  their opening Group H match Tuesday.
Chelsea 3, FC Porto 1 Jose Mourinho may have removed himself, his backroom staff and two key defenders from Porto this summer but he also took one priceless commodity with him to Stamford Bridge - a winning mentality.
Airport Security Screeners Overworked, Report Says The nation's 45,000 federal airport security screeners suffers from low morale, understaffing and excessive overtime, according to a new report by the Department of Homeland Security inspector general.
Health Care Can Be Cured: Here's How Americans are burdened with a costly, hugely dysfunctional health-care system. In a new book, a pair of investigative reporters offers a fresh remedy based on a successful model we're all familiar with
Romania votes in close elections Romanians go to the polls to choose between the governing ex-communists and a strong opposition alliance.
Security Council visits DR Congo UN Security Council envoys are visiting eastern DR Congo, where UN troops maintain a fragile peace.
OU #39;s Jason White Hopes To Repeat With Heisman NEW YORK -- Oklahoma quarterback Jason White (pictured, below) hopes to do something only one other college football player has ever accomplished: win a second Heisman Trophy.
Vioxx recall spurs FDA overhaul Government agency announces 5-step program to improve its ability to assess risks posed by drugs. WASHINGTON (CNN) - In light of the recent recall of Vioxx and the controversy over the connection between antidepressants
IBM agreement fuels nation #39;s foreign growth Lenovo Group #39;s takeover of IBM #39;s personal computer business is a giant step in a multibillion-dollar foreign expansion by China, which is buying auto, television and telecommunications companies abroad.
Alstott Out Four Weeks With Sprained Knee (AP) AP - Mike Alstott will be sidelined at least a month after spraining the medial collateral ligament in his right knee during Tampa Bay's 19-7 victory over the Chicago Bears.
Colorado River Habitat Gains Protection (AP) AP - Interior Secretary Gale Norton has signed an agreement with representatives of Arizona, Nevada and California to protect wildlife habitat on the Colorado River and aid native species.
Springboks bounce back South Africa gained revenge for their surprise defeat at Murrayfield two years ago with a convincing 45-10 victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
FTC Goes After Spyware Operations (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The Federal Trade Committee has filed a complaint in federal court asking that two Internet advertising and software firms be shut down. The FTC made the filing last Thursday and will hold a press conference on the matter tomorrow.
Stocks Close Lower as Energy, J amp;J Weigh US stocks fell on Tuesday as a drop in oil prices pulled down shares of energy companies and health-care giant Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ.
AD says university did nothing wrong Ohio State wants to interview former players who have corroborated Maurice Clarett #39;s allegations of improprieties within the football program.
FSU, Miami to battle as ACC rivals, this time MIAMI - Friday may mark No. 5 Miamis entrance into the Atlantic Coast Conference. However, you can forgive the Hurricanes if the game has a familiar feel to it.
Oil price surge takes a breather Oil prices fall back to just above \$48 after the US government offers to loan crude to refiners.
Pavano Meets With Seattle Officials (AP) AP - Carl Pavano wrapped up talks Wednesday with the Seattle Mariners and moved on to Anaheim, where he's expected to attend the winter meetings later this week and visit the Angels.
Public TV zapper hot product SAN JOSE, CALIF. - A keychain device that enables people to turn off TVs just about anywhere is flying off the shelves, its inventor says.
Body of NBC Executive's Son Believed Found  MONTROSE, Colo. (Reuters) - The body believed to be that of  NBC Sports Chairman Dick Ebersol's 14-year-old son was  recovered on Monday from under the wreckage of an aircraft that  crashed in western Colorado and killed two others, officials  said.
U.S. Airstrike Targets Militants in Falluja  By Fadel al-Badrani  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft launched a new  airstrike in the rebel-held city of Falluja on Saturday aimed  at killing supporters of a Jordanian militant who has led a  campaign of suicide bombings and kidnappings in Iraq.
Garnett does it all for Timberwolves Kevin Garnett had 25 points, 21 rebounds and eight assists to pace the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 108-97 victory Tuesday against the visiting Miami Heat.
SC grants bail to Zardari Pakistan Supreme Court today granted bail to husband of self-exiled former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in connection with several cases of corruption against him.
Victor victorious led from the front They drank the champagne, bore smiles the width of the Vaal River and took the plaudits of a nation. And they deserved every single moment of the adulation.
Germany Raises 2004 Deficit Forecast to 3.7 of GDP (Update2) Germany raised its forecast for this year #39;s budget deficit, saying declining tax income and increased spending on the unemployed will push the shortfall further beyond European Union limits for a third straight year.
Athens #39; image bolstered by Olympics Early fears of an Olympics disaster failed to materialize here in Athens, where the heightened security may have been obtrusive, but was not enough to keep away the crowds.
European stock markets higher in early deals (AFP) AFP - European stock markets climbed in early trading, shaking off a mixed showing on Wall Street overnight in the wake of surging oil prices.
Blair outlines Sudan demands Tony Blair today said the Sudanese government had agreed to a five-point action plan aimed at ending the conflict in Darfur, which has resulted in what the UN describes as the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis.
Wanted Italian leftist on the run Radical 1970s leftist Cesare Battisti - wanted in Italy for murder - goes missing in France.
Profit-taking pushes oil prices downward Oil prices fell sharply yesterday in what traders described as a wave of profit-taking after futures hit a new high above \$55 a barrel and after gasoline futures fell sharply on indications of declining demand.
Distant memory in 10,000 ATHENS -- The two best 10,000-meter runners in history, two slender athletes from an impoverished country, met on the greatest stage of them all last night to decide if the new truly had surpassed the old.
Goosen, Jimenez European Tours #39; secret ingredients OK, let #39;s think cakes. An unlikely way to start a golf column, we know, but all will become clear. We hope. Ask any Mom across the whole wide world and she will tell you that she needs all sort
Fed Seen Boosting Rates Despite Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Federal Reserve policy-makers were\expected to raise U.S. interest rates on Tuesday for a third\time this year, continuing to lift borrowing costs from\rock-bottom levels despite some signs of economic softness.
'Pacers Lite' Lose Late Limited to just six players because of suspensions and injuries, the Pacers take the Magic to the final moments before dropping a 86-83 decision on Saturday.
Men #39;s contest highlights Trophee Bompard skating Johnny Weir and Brian Joubert already have victories in the Grand Prix series. The American champion and European gold medalist meet this week at the Trophee Bompard.
Electronic Data May Cut 20,000 Jobs to Save \$3 Bln (Update1) Electronic Data Systems Corp., the world #39;s second-largest seller of computer services, may cut as many as 20,000 jobs to help save \$3 billion within the next three years, Chief Executive Officer Michael Jordan said.
Schu doesn #39;t rule in France Michael Schumacher may rule the roost at the pinnacle of motor sport, but he failed to become  #39;Champion of Champions #39; at the novel event inside Paris #39; Stade de France.
Electrolux profits hit by high steel price STOCKHOLM - Swedish household electrical goods manufacturer Electrolux warned on Thursday that high prices for inputs of materials and mainly of steel would set back profits more than expected this year.
WORLD CUP 2006 QUALIFYING: Ching and Donovan lead US past El &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States got goals from San Jose Earthquakes Brian Ching and Landon Donovan to in a 2-0 win over El Salvador in the semifinal round of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup on Saturday in front of 25,266 fans at Gillette Stadium in Foxboro, Mass.
Broadband: More Power to You Federal regulators adopt rules aimed at enticing utilities to offer internet service over power lines. But experts say it'll be several years before many people will get broadband from their electrical outlets. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
Robertson Stevens settles timing case for \$30 million The Robertson Stevens Investments firm agreed to pay \$30 million to settled allegations it allowed  quot;excessive quot; market timing in its mutual funds, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said Wednesday.
Stocks lower on worries oil prices will start to weigh heavily on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets were lower Monday morning on a mixed series of earnings reports and oil prices that continued to hover around the \$55 US a barrel level.
Calpers president voted out Sean Harrigan was ousted as president of the \$177 billion California Public Employees #39; Retirement System (Calpers). In a 3-2 vote in San Francisco, the California state personnel board pulled Harrigan from Calpers where he had served for five years.
Marchers demand James Hardie funds Union delegates, asbestos victims and workers are marching from Melbourne #39;s Trades Hall to the Stock Exchange, calling on James Hardie to provide sufficient funds for asbestos victims.
US Treasuries Drift Lower, Data in Sight  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices drifted lower on  Wednesday in generally subdued trade, with some focus on the  day's economic numbers.
Remorse-stricken Norwegian pays hotel bill 24 years late (AFP) AFP - A remorse-stricken Norwegian has finally settled a hotel bill 24 years after he decamped without paying, the management of the Hotel Clarion in the city of Kristiansand said.
Chinese  #39;Nessie #39; Fossil Used Neck To Suck in Prey The finding of a dinosaur fossil in southern China has given new clues to the evolution and hunting practices of a long-necked aquatic reptile that lived some 230 million years ago, the magazine Science said on Thursday.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Atlanta at Los Angeles (10:10 p.m. EDT). The National League division leaders meet in the opener of a four-game series.
US forces pound Falluja US forces have stepped up pressure on Iraqi fighters in Falluja, using AC-130 aircraft and tanks to pound eastern and northwestern areas of the town.
Sears Canada fires CEO in abrupt move Sears Canada Inc., which has struggled with declining sales over the past few years, said Thursday it fired chairman and chief executive officer Mark Cohen because of strategic differences over the future direction of the business.
Unclear on overtime rules In a landmark overhaul of pay eligibility, the Labor Department and unions clash over how much clarity has really been attained. By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.
ASTROS TOP BRAVES  NOW ROGER GETS STAGE When Roger Clemens ended his brief retirement to sign with the Astros, he said he #39;d do anything to help his hometown team win a championship.
PM arrives in the Hague for India-European Union Summit : World News  gt; The Hague (The Netherland), Nov 7 : Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived here tonight to participate in the India-European Union summit during which a proposal for a strategic partnership will be finalized.
Hunters Off the Hook for Bison Declines WASHINGTON - Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
In Time of Turmoil, Graham Offers Soothing Words The Rev. Billy Graham spoke at the 92,000-seat Rose Bowl, the beginning of a four-day crusade that organizers say is his 416th worldwide and his next-to-last.
Segway completes trans-continental voyage Tired scooter rider enthused to finish coast-to-coast journey across 14 states.
Semiconductor Sector Sends Stocks Lower US stocks fell on Thursday, led by a decline in the technology sector following a batch of sales warnings from chip makers and a jump in oil prices to nearly \$43 a barrel.
Rookie Johnson Joins Funk in Buick Lead  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Rookie Zach Johnson  produced the day's joint best score, a five-under-par 65, to  join Fred Funk at the top of the leaderboard after the second  round of the \$4.2 million Buick Championship Friday.
India and Pakistan Resume Kashmir Talks The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan prepared to resume talks today after harsh words over the weekend threatened to complicate the wide-ranging discussions that include their decades-old dispute over the Himalayan province of Kashmir.
Food Short on Space Station NASA officials said yesterday that the international space station is running so low on food that its two crewmen have had to cut back on their eating and may have to abandon the orbiting
Intelligence Changes Stymied by Turf Wars (AP) AP - Congress is giving itself a month to come up with legislation restructuring the nation's intelligence apparatus, but Republican leaders acknowledge the goal may fall victim to turf disputes and lawmakers' focus on getting themselves re-elected Nov. 2.
3 Arrested for Trying to Extort NBA Player Denver Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony looks on during his team #39;s 90-88 victory over the New Jersey Nets in Denver on Tuesday, Nov. 23, 2004.
Microsoft devotes entire department to filtering spam from Gates #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Microsoft Corp. chairman receives four million e-mails a day, but practically an entire department at the company he founded is dedicated to ensuring that nothing unwanted gets into his inbox, the company #39;s chief executive said Thursday.
Nokia phones to get Blackberry touch Nokia said on Tuesday that it plans to enhance its Series 80-based line so that the mobile devices come preloaded with BlackBerry software from Research In Motion.
When the Northern Lights Moved South Our atmosphere is home to many stunning optical phenomena; rainbows, lightning and fiery red sunsets to name but a few. For many, the Northern Lights, or Aurora Borealis
Netgear, Vonage gear up for VoIP over Wi-Fi The companies team up to develop broadband telephony products due in time for the holidays, sources familiar with deal say.
Oil Ends Below \$50 on Nigerian Cease-Fire  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid from record highs  above \$50 a barrel Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a  surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's  oil-rich delta region agreed to a preliminary cease-fire with  the government.
Falconbridge Profit Rises Eightfold on Nickel Prices (Update1) Falconbridge Ltd., the world #39;s third- biggest nickel producer, said third-quarter earnings rose more than eightfold as base-metal prices jumped.
Roddick vs. Voltchkov opens Davis Cup semifinal Andy Roddick will play Vladimir Voltchkov on Friday to open the Davis Cup semifinal between the United States and Belarus. Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish was drawn Thursday to face Max Mirnyi in the second singles match.
Milky Way May Have Stolen Other System #39;s Planet Imagine our sun snatching an alien planet from another solar system, four billion years ago. A team of scientists, including a Utah physicist, say it #39;s a possibility based on a wild new simulation.
Cricket crisis: Reform or face the music Indian cricket and crisis seem to be made for each other. Such are the ways of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) that the sport continues to lurch from one crisis to another.
GE earnings increase, per-share price falls General Electric today reported third-quarter earnings of \$4.051 billion, an increase of 1 percent from the same quarter last year.
Futures point lower US stock futures pointed to a weaker start Wednesday as rising oil prices and a major price cut for Google Inc. #39;s highly anticipated initial public offering raised investors #39; eyebrows.
Strong demand lifts Shanghai Petrochemical net Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Co. Ltd., Chinas top ethylene producer, said Sunday its nine-month net profit almost tripled due to rising demand for petrochemcial products from the countrys booming economy.
Malaysia court overturns Anwar sodomy ruling years in jail, overturning his conviction for sodomy in a shock ruling expected to win support for the new prime minister. freedom to urge the country #39;s recently installed prime minister to drive harder on reform.
Linux poised for move from data centre to desktop - report Clearly viable on server, client to follow within two years
Solar capsule crashes into Earth The Genesis sample-return capsule hits the ground at high speed after its drogue parachute fails to open.
Hurricane Ivan Pounds Jamaica Hurricane Ivan has been pounding Jamaica with high winds and torrents of rain, causing flooding and power outages throughout the Caribbean island nation.
Skulls program carries Cabir worm into phones Virus writers have unleashed a second version of the  quot;Skulls quot; Trojan horse and packaged it with a cell phone virus, a security company has warned.
#6/5 WAKE FOREST ESAPCES WITH 67-64 WIN OVER TEMPLE PHILADELPHIA - As sophomore Dustin Salisberys desperation three-point attempt with two seconds remaining sailed awry, so did the hopes of a Temple upset over #6/5 Wake Forest , who escaped with a 67-64 win on Monday night at the Liacouras Center .
Bombardier Transportation to cut 2,200 more jobs in restructuring MONTREAL (CP) - Bombardier Inc. is cutting 2,200 more jobs in its rail transportation division, bringing the total reductions to 7,600 by April 2006 - or 21 per cent of the division #39;s workforce.
Curse of the Bambino? Boston doesn #39;t know from jinxes Curse of the Bambino? Please. As jinxed ballclubs go, your Red Sox can #39;t even crack the top two. OK, so your heroes haven #39;t won the World Series since Harry Frazee sold Babe Ruth to the Yankees.
Roddick, Hewitt through to US Open third round Defending champion Andy Roddick of the United States stormed into the third round of the 17.8 million US dollars US Open Friday. The American big-server blasted 10 aces enroute
Gennaro Filice: Say it ain #39;t so Barry. Please. If you look closely at my photo directly above, you can see that my hat features the silhouetted batter representative of major league baseball.
Singapore announces relaxation of rules on political expression Singapore #39;s new Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong, has announced a partial relaxation of rules on political expression. But, he warns race and religion will remain sensitive issues subject to restrictions.
Ideas for Buyers and Renters An idea to make it easier to purchase a house, and another idea to make it easier to pay rent.
Russian Oil Giant Warns of Output Cut  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil major YUKOS again warned on  Thursday that it may be forced to cut output after saying that  a Moscow court ruled this week that \$2.6 billion of company  funds could be seized by the authorities.
Hostage #39;s brother accuses US over freedom moves The brother of British hostage Kenneth Bigley today accused the American government of  quot;sabotaging quot; moves to free his brother.
Vikings Impress in Loss The Vikings drove the ball impressively on a tough Philadelphia Eagles defense, but their red zone failures left Minnesota short of victory, long on respect.
Jobs Survey Mixed Bag Overall, the results of the latest Manpower Employment Survey suggest that US employers plan to increase hiring after the new year.
Senate panel approves spyware, wireless privacy bills WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee on Wednesday approved bills intended to fight computer spyware and to protect wireless phone customers from potential privacy problems associated with a wireless phone number directory.
Lawmaker says he #146;s been barred A top Hong Kong opposition lawmaker said he was barred from entering China yesterday, an incident that may fuel anti-Beijing sentiment in upcoming legislative elections. Law Chi-kwong of the Democratic Party said the mainland government assured him he could visit for six days, in what seemed to be a conciliatory gesture by the authorities, who have branded pro-democracy figures here ...
Michigan Led by Fab Two: Henne and Hart (AP) AP - The Michigan Wolverines knew they would have to replace quarterback John Navarre and running back Chris Perry this season. They had no idea two freshmen, Chad Henne and Michael Hart, would be doing it.
Gov #39;t Set to Make Oil Loans to Refiners With oil near \$50 a barrel, the Bush administration said on Thursday it will negotiate with refineries that want to borrow oil from the federal emergency stockpile to offset supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
Millar is ready in a pinch They don't believe in the designated hitter over here in the National League, which is why Kevin Millar will be the designated sitter for tonight's Game 3 of the World Series.
S #39;pore tuning in to track inventory SINGAPORE has been one of the earliest countries to make use of RFID (radio frequency identification) technology. The Electronic Road Pricing (ERP) gantries use RFID to detect the cars that pass through them.
US Airways pilots to resume talks on pay cuts -NYT The pilots union of bankrupt airline US Airways (UAIRQ.O: Quote, Profile, Research) failed over the weekend to agree to a new round of pay cuts and will resume its deliberations on Tuesday, the New York Times reported.
Guest columnist Administration #39;s salmon approach has been tried &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AS the Pacific Northwest debates the Bush administration #39;s recent proposal to count hatchery fish alongside wild fish in applying the Endangered Species Act - and its new plan to cut
Radcliffe Wins Closest NYC Marathon Radcliffe Makes Up for Olympic Heartbreak With Close NYC Marathon Win; S. African Wins Men #39;s Race. Great Britain #39;s Paula Radcliffe, left, and Kenya #39;s Susan Chepkemei, embrace after crossing the finish line at the New York City Marathon Sunday.
REGION: Iran making a lot of mistakes WASHINGTON: US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said on Thursday Iran was making a lot of mistakes but said any action to prevent it from acquiring nuclear weapons was a call for President George W Bush and other leaders to make.
Suzuki closes in on batting record AMERICAN BASEBALL: Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners has 10 games to beat George Sisler #39;s record of 257 hits in a season set with the St.
Be careful, that e-card may be a virus IF you were planning to save on postage this year by sending electronic greeting cards, think again. And be careful when opening any you get.
Bush to Name Campaign Chief to Head GOP (AP) AP - President Bush on Monday tapped the chairman of his re-election campaign, Ken Mehlman, to head the Republican Party.
Boxing: Rumble in jungle recalled Former BBC boxing commentator Harry Carpenter relives the Rumble in the Jungle 30 years ago.
Egyptians Spared No Expense on Animal Mummies (Reuters) Reuters - Ancient Egyptians revered cats and other\animals and took as much care in preparing them for their\passage to the next life as they did with humans, scientists\said on Wednesday.
Stocks Mixed Ahead of Greenspan Testimony NEW YORK - Stocks were little changed early Wednesday as investors awaited testimony from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan before a House budget panel.    In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 0.08 at 10,342.71...
Hampton scratched with stiff neck After Braves medical personnel failed in their attempts to loosen Mike Hampton #39;s stiff neck, manager Bobby Cox was forced to send Travis Smith to the mound for Monday afternoon #39;s
Rangers decline 2005 options on Greer, Jordan Greer hasn #39;t played since July 11, 2002, but has collected \$21.8 million for the 2002, 2003 and 2004 seasons. He will receive a \$600,000 buyout from the Rangers, who declined a \$8,066,667 option for 2005.
A Profession Thrown Into a Tailspin In the days when United Airlines was flying high, Patrick Downey exulted in being paid to live his passion. When the former Navy pilot went to work for United in 1999, he felt he landed his dream
Sudan talks stall on security issues PEACE talks between the Sudanese government and rebel groups from the troubled region of Darfur have stalled. The talks, brokered by the African Union, are being held in Nigeria, are deadlocked over disarmament and other security issues.
U.S. Flu Vaccine Supply Cut in Half WASHINGTON - Americans' supply of flu vaccine was abruptly cut in half Tuesday, prompting the government to ask most healthy adults to delay or skip flu shots so that the elderly and others most at risk from influenza can get scarce supplies.    British regulators unexpectedly shut down a major flu-shot supplier Tuesday, prompting a record shortage in this country just as flu season is about to begin...
Ravens sign Patrick Johnson In a transaction that infuses familiarity and speed into the Ravens #39; stagnant passing game, Baltimore signed wide receiver Patrick Johnson on Monday to a one-year contract.
F1 rivals line up on the grid FORMULA One chief executive Bernie Ecclestone is in the tightest spot of his long career as leading Formula One car manufacturers plough ahead with threats to set up a rival series.
CommScope Says Costs Rise, Sales to Fall Communications cable maker CommScope Inc. (CTV.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday projected higher fourth-quarter costs and lower sales at an Omaha manufacturing subsidiary, losing
Airpath Joins Wi-Fi Hotspots for Easier Web Access (Reuters) Reuters - U.S.-based Wireless LAN operator\Airpath said on Tuesday it aims to run 20,000 public locations\for wireless computer access by late 2005, and connect to an\additional 30,000 hotspots through roaming agreements.
New Toshiba notebooks highlight long-running trend Toshiba #39;s new desktop-replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on Tuesday, are further evidence that US consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by Intel #39;s newer mobile processors.
Disney backs Sonys Blu-ray DVD format The battle to set the standard for next-generation digital recording media took another twist on Thursday with the announcement that Walt Disney would launch titles on the Blu-ray Disc format promoted by Sony and Matsushita.
Petro-Can sale ends Ottawa #39;s oilpatch era The federal government closed its window on the oil industry Thursday, saying that it is selling its last 19 per cent stake in Calgary-based Petro-Canada.
Belgian Grand Prix, Friday With rain forecast for Saturday, Friday needed to be a solid, hard-working opening day at Spa; Fernando finished ninth fastest, with Jarno sixteenth.
Pyongyang already  #39;weaponized #39; spent nuclear fuel: N. Korean envoy Astana - New York, September 28 KAZINFORM -- A senior North Korean official claimed at the United Nations Monday that his country has already produced atomic weapons with reprocessed nuclear fuel rods.
Audit Finds Hoy Overstated Circulation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tribune Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt; Hoy newspaper,  one of several U.S. papers caught up in a circulation scandal,  overstated circulation at its New York edition by more than 46  percent last year, an industry monitoring group said on  Tuesday.
Report: 10 Held in Alleged Embassy Plot (AP) AP - Italian and Lebanese authorities have arrested 10 suspected terrorists who planned to blow up the Italian Embassy in Beirut, an Italian news agency and the Defense Ministry said Tuesday.
Foreign leaders commemorate centenary of Deng Xiaoping #39;s birth Top leaders of Armenia, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan and Moldova have paid homage to late Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping on the occasion of his 100th birthday.
Will Graves: Hurricanes still get defensive All four bolted the University of Miami for the NFL after the 2003 season, supposedly leaving the Hurricanes defense too young and too inexperienced to handle Florida State quarterback Chris Rix and his flotilla of wide receivers.
Solar Eclipse to Start Thursday, End Wednesday! (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A partial solar eclipse will take place next week, oddly ending the day before \  it begins.
AT T Puts Cell-Phone Twist on Song Sales (Reuters) Reuters - AT T Wireless has given U.S.\music fans the ability to purchase 99-cent songs using a mobile\phone.
#39;Morning Edition #39; Returns: Congrats to the Cat Description: Coby is the proud recipient of a master #39;s degree from Trinity Southern University. It #39;s an online university, which may not have realized that new grad is a cat.
Dust to Dust ONE of Australia #39;s most stunning bowling performances of all-time was blotted out by one of their most embarrassing losses as a Test match turned mad here yesterday.
Wenger finds soft centre hard to accept The way Arsenal defended against a Southampton side who were the joint-lowest scorers in the Premiership made it difficult to believe that they had remained unbeaten for 49 games.
Speculators driving up oil prices says Kuwait NEW DELHI: Kuwait #39;s foreign minister said yesterday that Middle East oil exporters are producing at maximum capacity to stabilise prices that are being driven up by speculators from outside the region.
UN raps Sudan over Darfur crisis Sudan has failed to end militia attacks on civilians in Darfur,  while rebels also broke a truce, a UN envoy says.
Intel Seen Limiting AMD #39;s Upside Credit Suisse First Boston maintained a  quot;neutral quot; rating on Advanced Micro Devices (nyse: AMD - news - people ), saying third-quarter earnings fell below expectations but that fourth-quarter outlook appears surprisingly healthy.
No Paper Trail, No Problem A federal judge rules that Florida doesn't have to provide a paper trail for electronic votes, tossing out a congressman's lawsuit. Jacob Ogles reports from Orlando, Florida.
News: Berkeley Hack Sparks Legislative Backlash An intrusion into a university research computer housing information on 1.4 million people leads to a proposed law that would cut researchers off from sensitive data. Opponents say important work would be hobbled in the process.
Reach of missiles now 2,000 km: Iran TEHRAN - Iran #39;s former president Hashemi Rafsanjani said Tuesday that his country has created missiles that can now reach targets 2,000 kilometres away, a substantial increase from its previous range.
Greenspan Sounds Alert on Social Security (AP) AP - For at least the fourth time this year, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has touched the electrified third rail of American politics  #151; Social Security.
Knicks Swat Hornets 86-79 (AP) AP - Stephon Marbury had 22 points and nine assists to help the New York Knicks end a three-game losing streak with an 86-79 victory over New Orleans on Wednesday night, dropping the Hornets to 0-9 at home.
Arsenal have  #39;grown up #39; Patrick Vieira believes Arsenal are a more mature outfit as a result of the European heartbreak they have suffered over recent seasons.
Iraqi Cleric Sadr Renounces Control Of Shrine Stronghold Rebel cleric Moqtada Sadr on Friday renounced control of his shrine stronghold to Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric following a deal with Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani to end three weeks of fighting in Najaf.
Origin #39;s NZ\$3.2 Billion Offer for Contact Too Low (Update2) Origin Energy Ltd., Australia #39;s second-largest energy retailer, probably won #39;t increase its stake in Contact Energy Ltd. much above the 51 percent it has already agreed to buy after
U.S. Says Kills 60 Foreign Fighters in Iraq Strike  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes launched fresh air  strikes overnight around the rebel-held city of Falluja,  killing about 60 foreign fighters loyal to Jordanian militant  Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the U.S. military said on Friday.
Twins Collect Rare Victory Over Yankees (AP) AP - Brad Radke pitched seven solid innings, Corey Koskie drove in three runs and the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees in the regular season for the first time since 2001 with an 8-2 victory Tuesday night.
Harley-Davidson CEO dismounts CHICAGO - Harley-Davidson Inc. Chief Executive Jeffrey Bleustein will retire from his CEO post effective April 30 and be replaced by Chief Financial Officer James Ziemer, the motorcycle maker said Thursday.
Conquering heroes Today's players wouldn't recognize the game. In the 52 years since the Concord High football team reeled off a state-record 40 consecutive victories, only the winning may be comparable.
Iran Tells Russia to Expand Nuclear Ties Iran told nuclear partner Russia on Wednesday it would have to show  quot;readiness quot; to expand nuclear ties with Tehran to secure a solid share of Iran #39;s atomic market in face of growing competition from Europe.
OPEC says speculation to blame for high oil prices OPEC has stressed its view that high oil prices were a result of speculation and pledged to provide enough crude to calm global markets, while an energy research group warned prices could remain high for some time.
IOC Still Concerned About Turin Housing (AP) AP - The IOC expressed renewed concern Wednesday about housing at the 2006 Winter Olympics but expects Italian organizers to be ready when the games begin in 14 months.
Philippine Catholic leader Sin in stable condition after heart &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MANILA: The Philippines #39; most influential Roman Catholic leader, Cardinal Jaime Sin, is in stable condition but remains under intensive care after suffering a heart attack, his church says.
U.S. Forces Storm Falluja, Bombs Rock Baghdad (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of U.S. and Iraqi\troops backed by heavy air support and armor have stormed into\the Sunni Muslim city of Falluja in the second major offensive\in seven months to try to recapture the insurgent stronghold.
Fresh Blasts Rock Northeast India Suspected separatists bombed a crowded market, a tea plantation and other sites Sunday, killing seven people in a second day of explosions and gun attacks that have left at least 57 dead and more than 100 wounded in northeast India.
Race Features 2005 Driver Line-Up The driver line-up for the 2005 Formula One season is beginning to take shape with only six seats still available. Two teams, Williams and Red Bull Racing, each have one seat open, while both Jordan and Minardi
Sorrell:  #39;I #39;ll make Grey more profitable #39; Sir Martin Sorrell said today that Ed Meyer, the 77-year-old chairman of Grey Global, was ready to accept his advice on how to make the company he has just sold much more profitable.
Space Ship Prepares to Blast off for  #39;X Prize #39; A team of aviation pioneers with dreams of one day offering tourist trips into space will tomorrow attempt to clinch a 5.5 million prize by launching a craft beyond the
IBM invigorates LTO tape storage LTO (linear tape open)-based drives are invigorating the tape storage market. New third-generation LTO drives from Certance and IBM are powering the trend.
Remembering Gordon Cooper NASA mourns the loss of Mercury astronaut Gordon Cooper, who rocketed into space in his Faith 7 capsule on May 15, 1963 (above, right).
Gerrard fit for England Steven Gerrard has been passed fit and plays for England in tonights 2006 World Cup qualifier against Austria, according to Sky Sports.
Somerfield starts Safeway conversions roll-out Somerfield is embarking on a rapid expansion by buying small Safeway stores that are no longer wanted by WM Morrison. Having fended off an unwanted takeover bid last year, Somerfield raised 51m through a
UPDATE 2-Murdoch wins vote to shift News Corp. to US Rupert Murdoch won shareholder approval on Tuesday to move the corporate headquarters of his \$48 billion News Corp. Ltd. (NCP.AX: Quote, Profile
What's a Dejected Democrat to Do? Since Nov. 2, countless Kerry supporters have been flocking to the Internet in search of a postelection pick-me-up. Here are some of the imaginative ways they are coping with sorrow and anger online
Microsoft details new domain-specific modeling tools OCTOBER 26, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. is continuing its efforts to tap the enterprise-level development market with the announcement of a new framework and tool for Visual Studio Team System to
Wall Street to Edge Up as Oil Price Slips  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to edge higher  at Thursday's opening as oil prices receded from record highs,  easing fears spiraling costs will crimp firms' profits.
F5 #39;s Integrated Approach To Web Traffic Management F5 Networks is making over its flagship Big-IP traffic management platform this week with the launch of new software and hardware aimed at securing and improving the performance of Web and legacy applications.
&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; road tests the BioNav #8482; in-car nav wonder Sophisticated kit - at a price
This Date in Baseball for Sept. 15 (AP) AP - 1912  #151; Joe Wood of the Boston Red Sox pitched his 16th consecutive victory to tie Walter Johnson's record as he beat the St. Louis Browns 2-1.
Centrino to connect with all Wi-Fi standards New component will help next generation of Intel's wireless chip technology reach full audience for Wi-Fi.
NHL Players #39; Association invites NHL to meet next week in Toronto The NHLPA invited the league to the meeting in a letter sent Thursday to commissioner Gary Bettman.  quot;The letter also confirms that the NHLPA is working on a new proposal which it believes should provide the
Australia acquiring long-range missiles SYDNEY - Australia has announced plans to acquire long-range cruise missiles that will give its defence force the  #39;most lethal capacity #39; for air combat in the region.
Handing out A -- for advantage It's a no-brainer, a Red Sox pitcher suggested when he was asked which team he would rather face in the postseason.
Wal-Mart Still Sees Nov. Sales Up 2-4 Pct Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at its US stores open at least a year.
Open-source programmer rebuts charge Back-and-forth dance characterizes dispute over code released to open-source Mambo project.
Nevada's E-Vote Free of Serious Problems (AP) AP - Alarmed by software glitches, security threats and computer crashes with ATM-like voting machines, officials from Washington, D.C., to California are considering an alternative from an unlikely place: Nevada.
But bad loan disposals ahead of schedule TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japan #39;s largest bank Mizuho Financial Group and third-largest bank Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group said Monday their first-half net profit fell from a year earlier, but both achieved their goals of halving bad loan ratios ahead of schedule
Rev It Up: Darlington In effect, that means seventh-place Ryan Newman could take the points lead at Darlington, mathematically at least. It would take major problems by most of those in front of him, but
Clear Channel tunes in Fox News as primary news provider Clear Channel Radio has inked a five-year deal to have Fox News Radio serve as its primary national news service for more than 100 of its news/talk stations beginning in 2005.
Black in offer to buy Hollinger Inc FALLEN Press baron Lord Black is offering to buy back his holding company Hollinger Inc from minority shareholders and take the company private.
SPH, MediaCorp Lay Off Over 200 State-owned broadcaster MediaCorp and Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. said Tuesday that they will shut down an English language channel and lay off more than 200 employees ahead of a merger of their mass market TV and free newspaper operations.
#39;Sharon intent on tearing Israel in two #39; Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is leading the nation to a split that could end up as a civil war, and refuses to even consider taking steps that would maintain
Blue Jays to buy SkyDome for \$21.24 million The Toronto Blue Jays agreed to buy SkyDome, the team #39;s ballpark, for about \$21.24 million. The 50,000-seat stadium, which opened in 1989, cost about \$375 million to construct and was mostly funded by taxpayers.
UNDATED: LSU (708). Janel McCarville had 16 points and 12 rebounds to lead Minnesota over previously unbeaten Wisconsin-Green Bay. It was the sixth straight victory for Minnesota (7-1), which got 12 points
Cassini Flies Past Saturn #39;s Moon Titan Today NASA released one of the best pictures ever made of Saturn #39;s moon Titan as the Cassini spacecraft begins a close-up inspection of the satellite today.
Calpine Prices Senior Secured Notes Calpine Corp. added more high-yield bonds to its debt load Tuesday after pricing a \$785 million deal into the market. The company - which has been criticized by market analysts in the past because of its frequency
Oil Slips as Norway Moves to End Strike  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices briefly scaled a new  high above \$55 a barrel on Monday before falling back as the  Norwegian government moved to end a strike that had threatened  the country's energy output.
Powerful Earthquake Hits Northern Japan (AP) AP - A powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 struck Japan's northern island of Hokkaido early Monday, swaying buildings, throwing objects off shelves and triggering a tiny tsunami wave that reached the shore.
Microsoft to Release New Windows in '06 (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. will drop a much-touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its Windows operating system as expected in 2006.
T-Mobile Secures Wi-Fi HotSpots T-Mobile USA today released a new secure encrypted Connection Manager that will enable users to login to any of the 4700 nationwide HotSpot wireless networks.
Williams, Sharapova win opening Beijing matches Wimbledon rivals Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova reached the quarter-finals of the 585,000-dollar China Open on Wednesday, with top seed Williams scraping past a tough challenge from a teenage Russian.
Mothers of Russian GIs Appeal to Rebels (AP) AP - A group of Russian mothers, desperate for peace in Chechnya, told rebels in the breakaway region Wednesday they were ready to mediate peace between the government and militants fighting a decade-long battle for independence.
U.S. Intensifies Assault on Fallujah U.S. warplanes continued pounding targets in Fallujah today, in an attempt to disrupt what the military said were preparations for terrorist attacks coinciding with the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Microsoft v Google Times Online #39;s verdict Bill Gates may be the world #39;s most generous philanthropist, but the technical teams under his charge may well experience the uncharitable side of his nature today.
Video of UN hostages telecast A video shown on Arabic television Sunday shows three people believed to be UN hostages who were seized by militants in Afghanistan.
Ghana leader vows war on poverty Ghana's newly re-elected president vows to dedicate his second mandate to tackling poverty.
Suit seeks to bar curb on China textiles America #39;s leading retailers filed a lawsuit yesterday to stop the Bush administration from imposing curbs on imports of popular Chinese-made apparel and textiles.
UN says no nuke inspection agreement The UN nuclear watchdog said on Thursday it was still talking with Brazil about inspecting its uranium enrichment plant despite Brazil #39;s assertion an inspection deal had been finalized.
Thousands of Westerns flee Ivory Coast drama France has completed the evacuation of 5 000 Westerners and others from violence-torn Ivory Coast as Africans - with no hope of such rescue - have fled into neighbouring countries.
Palestine Leaders Pledge Peace to Straw Foreign Secretary Jack Straw today won an assurance from Palestinian leaders that they would act to halt the violence against Israelis amid renewed efforts to restart the Middle East peace process.
China plans to enact anti-secession law China plans to enact an anti-secession law, the government said Friday, in a move apparently aimed at promoting Beijing #39;s campaign to pressure Taiwan into uniting with the mainland.
Internet Hunting Worries State Officials A controversial website, www.live-shot.com, already allows Internet users to fire a .22 caliber rifle at targets on a Texas ranch from afar.
Nuclear summit opens in Australia Asia-Pacific leaders meet in Australia to discuss how to keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of extremists.
Rival has deal for mall owner WASHINGTON - Rouse Co., the once-visionary real estate firm that founded the city of Columbia, Md., and revitalized Harborplace in Baltimore, is being acquired for \$7.2 billion in cash by General Growth Properties, a Chicago-based owner ...
Shippers: Venezuela Oil Unfazed by Poll  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Oil exports by Venezuela  have not been disturbed by the referendum on the rule of  President Hugo Chavez, shipping sources said late Sunday.
Trucking Firm Takes a Tumble Less-than-truckload shipping specialist SCS Transportation (Nasdaq: SCST) has found itself in unwanted territory -- the largest Nasdaq percentage loser.
Price of Oil Rises Despite Loans From US Reserve The price of crude oil rose to a record high yesterday even as the Bush administration agreed to tap the nation #39;s emergency oil stockpile because of supply problems caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Tiger puts rising suns in shade Tiger Woods was three shots clear and five under par today after the first round of the Japan Golf Tour #39;s Dunlop Phoenix Tournament.
Cable  amp; Wireless sets up US\$1m relief fund THE LEADING communications provider in the Caribbean, Cable  amp; Wireless, has announced the establishment of a US\$1 million relief fund to assist victims of Hurricane Ivan.
Update: AMD, IBM Announce New Power-Saving Tech AMD and IBM said Monday that they had developed a new strained-silicon process that offers more performance at the same power levels, a technology that will enter production in mid-2005.
Earnings Not So Sweet for Krispy Kreme (Reuters) Reuters - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N) on\Thursday said its quarterly profit tumbled by more than half\and slashed its sales growth outlook for the rest of the year,\wiping 17 percent off the value of its stock.
Andrx income flat, below forecast LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - Andrx said Wednesday that its earnings were flat with last year #39;s and far short of what had been expected.
Straw arrives in Middle East Foreign secretary Jack Straw is today beginning two days of talks in Israel and the Palestinian territories. Mr Straw will meet Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon before travelling on to the West Bank for
Cubs Defeat Marlins, 5-1, in NL Showdown MIAMI - Mark Prior allowed five hits in 7 2-3 innings to out-pitch Carl Pavano, and the Chicago Cubs moved one percentage point ahead of San Francisco atop the NL wild-card standings by beating the Florida Marlins 5-1 in the first game of a doubleheader Monday.    Corey Patterson's two-run double in the second inning put the Cubs ahead to stay...
RELATED COLUMNISTS NEWS Yesterday #39;s first round of the \$5 million Deutsche Bank Championship was all the evidence anyone could possibly need to keep this tournament right where it is, at TPC of Boston.
Workers at four hotels in San Francisco go on strike Unionized workers at four San Francisco hotels went on strike Wednesday morning. A union leader called the walkout  quot;a wake-up call quot; for hotels to stimulate stalled talks.
Nikkei Opens Higher The Nikkei average rose 1.37 percent at the opening on Monday as a recovery in US stocks encouraged investors to seek bargains among lagging issues, including Canon Inc.
ISS Crew Counts Calories as Food Supply Runs Low With food stores running low, the two astronauts living aboard the International Space Station (ISS) are cutting back their meal intake and awaiting a critical cargo delivery expected to arrive on Dec. 25.
Euro Disney Strikes Restructuring Deal Euro Disney SCA said Tuesday its lenders have agreed unanimously to extend a debt plan designed to keep the troubled theme park operator afloat.
49ers notes: Carter hoping to face Chicago Bee Staff Writer. SANTA CLARA - Andre Carter #39;s back injury has kept him out of the 49ers #39; lineup since Week 1. It #39;s also interfering with him rooting on his alma mater in person.
Cardinals, Red Sox Use Homers to Win Baseball Playoff Openers The St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox put on power-hitting displays to win the openers of their first-round Major League Baseball playoff series.
Karzai Rival Concedes as Afghan Suicide Toll Rises  KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai's main rival for the Afghan  presidency conceded defeat Sunday with less than six percent of  the vote count remaining.
A Dazed and Confused America Many of us are bewildered by common documents -- with dangerous results.
Pak says India paranoid on F-16 Islamabad: Pakistan on Monday accused India of being  quot;paranoid quot; over its efforts to secure F-16 fighter aircraft and other weaponry from the US but said this would not have any bearing on nuclear and conventional confidence building measure talks between
Rajasthan black gold makes Cairns glitter LONDON: British oil and gas firm Cairn Energy is on the verge of entering the elite group of blue-chip companies (FTSE-100). It #39;s saluting its Rajasthan reserves of oil for rising fortunes.
Jacobson Lifts Ryder Cup Hopes with Sparkling 65  MUNICH (Reuters) - Sweden's Fredrik Jacobson made his bid  for a last-gasp Ryder Cup debut with a spectacular  seven-under-par 65 in the BMW International Open second round  on Friday.
PeopleSoft devotees in denial? com September 22, 2004, 5:38 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
BBVA to buy Texas bank Laredo National for \$850 million LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Spanish bank BBVA (BBV) on Tuesday said it has agreed to buy privately-held Laredo National Bancshares of Texas for \$850 million.
BOFH: A ringside seat at the Boss-baiting pit &lt;strong&gt;Episode 34&lt;/strong&gt; Place your bets
Hypnosis 'reduces cancer pain' \Childhood cancer patients suffer less pain when placed under hypnosis, scientists have claimed.
Bank of America to cut 4,500 additional jobs Bank of America said Thursday that it would cut an additional 4,500 jobs from its work force, increasing the number pared since its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial by 36 percent, to 17,000.
Iverson Has Broken Thumb, but Will Play ATHENS, Greece - Allen Iverson broke his right thumb but plans to play anyway Tuesday night for the U.S. Olympic basketball team, which is coming off an embarrassing loss to Puerto Rico in its opener...
Siebel, EDS Ink BPO Deal Siebel Systems Inc. and Electronic Data Systems Corp. this week will announced a partnership to help companies avoid many of the costs and complexities of managing customer relationship management systems in enterprises.
US troops clash with assailants in northern Iraq, killing two &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSUL, Iraq US troops have clashed with insurgents firing rocket-propelled grenades from a mosque in northern Iraq. The US military says two attackers were killed and 34 civilians hurt.
Employment Costs Edge Up in Third Quarter (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. employment costs rose by\slightly less than expected in the third quarter this year, up\0.9 percent, as benefit costs posted their smallest rise since\early 2002, a government report showed on Friday.
Small Wineries Find Ally Supporters of interstate shipping of wine from producers to consumers see their cause as a contest between David and Goliath: mom-and-pop wineries and connoisseurs of the grape vs. powerful liquor wholesalers.
Sox travel to St. Louis The Red Sox are halfway to capturing something that #39;s slipped just out of reach since 1918 -- the World Series trophy. Boston is gearing up for Game Three Tuesday night when they send Pedro Martinez to the mound against St.
Is portable video ready for its closeup? A few years ago, when MP3 players were establishing themselves as the hot cool thing, the next step seemed clear: What if you could take along not only music but movies, television programs
Kennedy set to make swift million from clearing out the clutter CAROLINE KENNEDY is staging the ultimate yard-sale. She is clearing out paintings, furniture, horseriding gear and a mysterious photograph of a nude woman by a swimming pool from the attics and cupboards of several family homes.
Creative declares  #39;war #39; on Apple #39;s iPod Digital music player maker Creative has pledged to spend \$100m to out-market Apple in a bid to take the market away from the iPod.
Afghan kidnappers delay execution In Afghanistan, the militant group holding three UN workers, has extended the Wednesday night deadline, for their threatened execution.
MGM to co-produce with Sony after takeover MGM, the beleaguered Hollywood studio currently being acquired by a consortium of buyers led by Sony Pictures, will continue to co-produce movies as a private company once the takeover is complete.
U.S. Researcher Says Finds Atlantis Off Cyprus (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. researcher on Sunday\claimed he had found the lost civilization of Atlantis in the\watery deep off Cyprus -- adding his theory to a mystery which\has baffled explorers for centuries.
What's in a Name? Well, Matt Is Sexier Than Paul (Reuters) Reuters - As Shakespeare said, a rose by any other\name would smell as sweet. Right?
For Kerik, a Blunt New Yorker, a Complex Washington Task The job of homeland security secretary seems exceedingly more complex than anything that Bernard B. Kerik has faced.
NFL #39;s TV windfall shows no signs of slowing It #39;s big news whenever the television networks throw \$8 billion on the table, and even moreso when it #39;s being thrown at the NFL, the Halliburton of sports.
Helen Ravaged Helen of Troy drops due to lowered guidance, but that's not the only reason to shun this tarnished beauty.
FDA Encourages Radio Tags on Drug Bottles Viagra, Oxycontin and some AIDS (news - web sites) drugs will be among the first to carry radio chip tracking devices under a new Food
Chen vows to press for UN bid under title of  quot;Taiwan quot; TAIPEI : Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian has pledged to push for the island #39;s inclusion in the United Nations under the name of  quot;Taiwan, quot; in a move certain to anger rival China, it was reported on Monday.
Jordan Indicts Al-Zarqawi in Conspiracy AMMAN, Jordan - Jordan's military prosecutor indicted 13 alleged Muslim militants Sunday, including Abu-Musab al-Zarqawi - one of the most wanted insurgents in Iraq - for an al-Qaida linked plot to attack targets in Jordan with chemical and conventional weapons, officials said Sunday.    Al-Zarqawi and three others from the group remain at large and will be tried in absentia, officials said...
Stocks Sink as Dollar Hovers Near Lows  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The dollar held near a record low  against the euro and a 4-1/2-year low versus the yen on Monday,  sending Asian shares sharply lower, after a meeting of rich and  developing nations said nothing to arrest its fall.
Toro Earnings Rise, Dividend Doubled  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lawn-care equipment maker Toro  Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TTC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TTC.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Wednesday reported stronger-than-expected  quarterly earnings and doubled its dividend, citing increased  sales and cost controls.
Berlusconi knocked out by left in tackle by Blair (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair kicked his Italian host Silvio Berlusconi so hard on the left knee during a game of soccer earlier this month that the Italian premier had to have the injury scanned at a hospital near his vacation villa in Sardinia.
This stop anything but the pits Just when you #39;re thinking,  quot;Boy, this town has to get up to speed on this quot; ... around the first turn, there it was. Less than 24 hours after it was made official here, it was made official to the rest of the
Wigley makes clean break from Southampton Wigley had been under intense pressure at St Marys since replacing Paul Sturrock at the start of the season, with his position as head coach being questioned in the wake of some poor form.
D-Backs increase offer to Sexson The Diamondbacks increased their contract offer to impending free agent Richie Sexson on Tuesday, informing the first baseman #39;s agent they are willing to give the slugger a three-year deal despite some reservations about his health for next season.
Nuclear Test in North Korea? On September 11, the South Korean news agency Yonhap reported a huge blast and a 2.5 mile diameter mushroom cloud in North Korea 6 miles southwest of Yongjori Missile Base...on Thursday.
Venezuela Voters Turn Out in Huge Numbers CARACAS, Venezuela - Summoned by bugle calls and firecrackers, millions of Venezuelans turned out in unprecedented numbers Sunday to vote on whether to force leftist President Hugo Chavez from office.    Lines snaked for blocks in upscale neighborhoods, where suspicion is high that the leftist leader plans a Cuba-style dictatorship, and in the slums, where support for his "revolution for the poor" is fervent...
Russia Slams West for Double Standards on Beslan (Reuters) Reuters - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov\accused the West of double standards on terrorism in the wake\of his country's bloodiest hostage crisis, highlighting a\growing rift over the issue between the former Cold War foes.
Mild Seven Renault F1 Team Preview, Brazilian Grand Prix The official Mild Seven Renault F1 Team preview of the Brazilian GP, round 18 of the 2004 F1 season.
Summer growth carries economy The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an exploding trade deficit, soaring oil prices and the Florida hurricanes, the government reported Friday.
Comcast will raise cable rates in January In what has become as much of a Thanksgiving tradition as stuffed turkey and football, Comcast Corp. moved yesterday to raise New England cable television rates by an average 5.9 percent starting in January.
National Cybersecurity Chief Amit Yoran Resigns Amit Yoran has abruptly resigned his position with the Homeland Security Department. Olga Grkavac, senior vice president of the Information Technology Association of America, confirmed that
UK 'green energy' centre created Four organisations join forces to create a UK centre for marine renewable energy.
Stocks: Stocks rise as investors bet on profit reports NEW YORK Stocks rose modestly in light trading on Monday as investors awaited the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports, hopeful the news would override worries about record oil prices and a sputtering US economic recovery.
Yukos executives 'flee' Russia All the top executives at Russian oil giant Yukos have fled the country in fear of arrest as the government seeks to sell off its main asset.
Existing Home Sales Surge in September  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sales of existing U.S. homes surged  in September on low mortgage rates, a trade association group  said on Monday, adding that activity would have been even  brisker had hurricanes not hit the South.
Dogged Astros Refocus Eyes on Texas The pitching coach who has been in professional baseball for 40 years thought the ball was too low. The relief pitcher who has been on major league mounds for more than a decade feared it would bounce on the plate.
Software Gives Parents Chance to Snoop As part of three-pronged, anti-piracy attack launched Tuesday, the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) plans to release free software to help parents determine what movie and music titles their children have stored on a computer, along with any
A G.O.P. Senator Proposes a Plan to Split Up C.I.A. The proposed legislation would break up the C.I.A. and divide its responsibilities among three new spy agencies.
US, Iraqis launch attacks in Falluja American troops and Iraqi special forces launched a major operation in Falluja late Thursday aimed at disrupting future attacks by insurgents who control the volatile city, the US military said.
Easy For Newcastle Newcastle United took control of Group D with a comfortable 2-0 win over Dynamo Tbilisi at St James #39; Park. Patrick Kluivert, Craig Bellamy and Alan Shearer all went close, before Laurent Robert fired a good chance wide on the half-hour mark.
Royal  amp; Sun Alliance to axe 1,100 jobs in cost-cutting move to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurance giant Royal  amp; Sun Alliance (RSA) is set to send over 1,000 jobs to India to cut costs and offer the company greater operational flexibility.
Emisphere Wins Novartis Over Emisphere warrants close attention, although massive profits are not in the near-term cards.
Inter draw with lecce while AC Milan crash Atlanta challenges Duccio Innocenti of Atalanta during their Serie A match at the San Siro stadium in Milan, October 27, 2004. (Xinhua/Reuters Photo).
NFL games on TV WASHINGTON (3-7) vs. PITTSBURGH (9-1) When, where: Sunday, 1 p.m., at Pittsburgh. TV: Ch. 25. Last meeting: Steelers won, 24-3, in 2000. Comments: The Redskins offense is dreadful -- with or without Mark Brunell at quarterback. Patrick Ramsey started his first game of the season in a 28-6 loss at Philadelphia last Sunday. Ramsey got little help from star running ...
Candidates Omit Israel-Palestinian from Debate (Reuters) Reuters - Many important foreign policy topics\went unexplored during the first debate of the 2004 U.S.\presidential campaign but perhaps most unusual was the lack of\attention to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Novell sues Microsoft over WordPerfect Novell Inc. on Friday filed an antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft Corp., accusing the software giant of unfairly eliminating competition for office productivity applications during the time Novell owned the WordPerfect word processing application and the Quattro Pro spreadsheet application.
Foster #39;s Counts Cost of Poor Wine Market Brewing giant Fosters today said that higher annual profits from sales of beer overseas had been eroded by a sharp drop in US wine trade.
Pfizer faces black boxes New York - Pfizer, the world #39;s largest drug maker, is discussing with US regulators whether to add a stronger warning to its Bextra painkiller about rare, serious skin reactions.
HP to spend \$210m enhancing its radio sensors Hewlett-Packard said it will invest \$US150 million (\$210million) over five years in radio frequency identification (RFID) technologies, to appeal to large corporate customers such as retailers Wal-Mart Stores and Best Buy.
Investors: Nortel may axe 5,000 jobs OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. investors predicted Tuesday the telecom equipment giant will again slash jobs when it reports long-overdue results this week, and shrugged off news of another criminal probe into its high-profile accounting woes.
Theme park takes visitors to RFID-land A Florida park helps parents keep track of kids with radio ID tags from Texas Instruments.
Red Sox Stay Hot Kevin Millar and Mark Bellhorn hit two-run homers Wednesday to lift the Red Sox to a 8-6 victory over the Devil Rays.
News.com Extra: First blood in the new DVD war Also: Howard Stern confronts Michael Powell on the air.
Saints Beat Panthers, but Season Ends (AP) AP - Masters of the late-season flop, the New Orleans Saints finally won a game that mattered. Then they had to wait to see just how much it mattered. Needing to beat the Carolina Panthers to stay in playoff contention, the Saints did their part with a 21-18 victory on Sunday. But they needed outside help to get in, and failed to get it. Halfway across the country, the St. Louis Rams beat the New York Jets 32-29 in overtime, ending the season for the Saints.
Diplomats: Europeans, U.S. Closer to Iran Nuke Deal  VIENNA (Reuters) - U.S. and European negotiators moved  closer to a deal on a resolution on Iran's nuclear program that  could trigger a November showdown, Western diplomats close to  the talks said Wednesday.
Internet is a victim of its own success It is the news that internet users do not want to hear: the worldwide web is in danger of collapsing around us. Patrick Gelsinger, the chief technology officer for computer chip maker Intel, told a conference
Virgin Digital Online Music Store Is Open For Business! Virgin is all over the map. Yesterday morning, Sir Richard Branson introduced to the world that he was ready to make astronauts of us all by 2007.
MS - NHS tie up unsettles &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; readers &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; And a job offer for the brainiest woman
An insider's take on revamping US health policy Dr. Jerry Avorn brings convincing data and sharp analysis to ''Powerful Medicines, quot; his timely, challenging appraisal of health policy.
Hard Labour Pays Off for World Number One Singh If success is earned by those who work the hardest, then newly crowned world number one Vijay Singh is a shining example. It has been a long, and often grueling, global
Bangladesh bus accident kills 22 At least 22 people in southern Bangladesh have been killed in a head-on collision between a bus and a lorry, police say.
Nintendo Operating Profit Up 39 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese video game maker Nintendo Co.\Ltd. reported a 39.1 percent rise in operating profit for the\first half on Thursday and raised its sales target for a new,\keenly awaited portable game player.
Ten-man PSG clinch seventh straight win over Marseille Ten-man Paris St Germain clinched their seventh consecutive victory over arch-rivals Olympique Marseille with a 2-1 triumph in Ligue 1 on Sunday thanks to a second-half winner by substitute Edouard Cisse.
Bonderman Ks 14 As Tigers Maul White Sox DETROIT - Jeremy Bonderman struck out a career-high 14 and scattered eight hits in his first career shutout, leading the Detroit Tigers to a 7-0 victory over the slumping Chicago White Sox on Monday night.    Bonderman (7-10) threw his first career complete game to win for the first time since July 7...
Dell Drops 15 GB Dell DJ To US\$149, 20 GB for US\$195 Dell has taken an aggressive pricing strategy in its competition with Apple in the music player space. Jupiter Research analyst Joe Wilcox reported in his
Rookie fastest ANTHONY DAVIDSON set the early standard by going quickest in the first-ever practice session at the Shanghai International Circuit.
Strike halts Assam tea production A one-day strike by tea workers in India's north-eastern state of Assam brings work in 800 tea gardens to a halt.
Macromedia Sells Web Conferencing By The Minute com. Macromedia on Tuesday opened up its Breeze Live hosted Web conferencing service to smaller shops by adding pay-as-you-go pricing to the subscription deals it had earlier offered.
Eagles' Westbrook Could Miss Some Time  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Eagles running back Brian  Westbrook could miss some time with a broken rib, a  Philadelphia television station reported Tuesday night.
Red Sox in shape to lift The Curse with historic win TO CALL it premature elation would be wrong: having spectacularly vanquished the New York Yankees, their smugly superior rivals and progenitors of The Curse, the Boston Red Sox nation was entitled to party as if there was no tomorrow.
Sony #39;s Profit Surges on Strength of  #39;Spider-Man 2 #39; The Sony Corporation reported a 61 percent increase in net profit for the most recent quarter, as  quot;Spider-Man 2 quot; pulled in big profits for the company #39;s movie division and helped
Diana tapes broadcast Recordings of the Princess of Wales containing intimate details of her sex life with Prince Charles have been aired in the US. The tapes were made by Diana #39;s voice coach Peter Settelen between 1992 and 1993
Spain announce Davis Cup line-up Spain have named an unchanged team for the Davis Cup final against the United States in Seville on 3-5 December. Carlos Moya, Juan Carlos Ferrero, Rafael Nadal and Tommy Robredo will take on the US in front of 22,000 fans at the converted Olympic stadium.
Cricket: McCullum #39;s century exorcises Lord #39;s demons DHAKA - Bangabandhu National Stadium maybe a world away from the spiritual home of cricket at Lord #39;s in London, but for Brendon McCullum the Dhaka venue felt like heaven yesterday.
Human Right group condemns US The group "Human Rights Watch" has issued a detailed report outlining allegations of torture, abuse and violence against prisoners. Prisoners who have been made to "vanish" by unaccountable agencies.
Late drive ended with stop on Martin  quot;It #39;s almost impossible to get him for negative yardage. He hardly ever loses yardage when he carries the ball. quot;. FOXBORO, Mass.
LeBron James Beats His Olympic Coach (AP) AP - If LeBron James was sending a post-Olympics message to Larry Brown, he wouldn't admit it. Perhaps trying to prove Brown was wrong to bench him in Greece, James scored a career-high 43 points to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 92-76 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night.
Guevara honored as MLS MVP New York, NY (Sports Network) - Amado Guevara was announced as Major League Soccer #39;s 2004 Honda Most Valuable Player on Thursday in Anaheim, California.
House GOP Brings Up Draft  In Order to Knock It Down   Rumors of reinstating the military draft, which have flourished for months in panicky e-mails, online chat rooms, college dorms and student newspapers, suddenly dominated  the House floor yesterday in one of the strangest parliamentary maneuvers in memory. With even its sponsor voting against it, a bill to require young adults to perform military or civil service failed, 402 to 2.
Car bomb kills 20 in Kirkuk A suicide attacker yesterday detonated a car bomb outside an Iraqi police academy, killing 20 people and wounding 36 in the latest attack designed to thwart US-backed efforts
Britain welcomes Kufuor victory in Ghana (AFP) AFP - Britain congratulated Ghanaian President John Kufuor on his election victory, and praised the west African state for holding free, fair and transparent elections.
Govt sticks to army law despite protests (Reuters) Reuters - The home minister has ruled out lifting an unpopular law giving the army widespread powers of arrest in the country's remote northeast, despite two months of bitter protests in Manipur.
Sumitomo files new suit in bid to halt UFJ, Mitsubishi Tokyo merger (AFP) AFP - Japan's Sumitomo Trust and Banking -- the trust arm of a rival suitor for UFJ Holdings -- filed a new lawsuit as part of its effort to secure a deal which could create the world's largest bank.
Spurred by Illness, Indonesians Lash Out at U.S. Mining Giant Newmont Mining Corporation, the world's biggest gold producer, has been trailed by allegations of pollution.
U.S. Women Win Third Consecutive Basketball Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. women took their third  consecutive gold medal in Olympic basketball Saturday, breaking  open a close game in the fourth quarter to beat Australia  74-63.
US Airways Makes New Proposal to Key Unions Pressured by the prospect of bankruptcy, US Airways Group Inc. proposed last-ditch cost-saving offers to its pilots and flight attendants unions yesterday.
Atlantic Coast League  DENNIS-YARMOUTH Coach: Paul Funk (third year, 10-13). Last year's record: 5-5. Returning starters (8): Bobby Ewing, WR/S, 5-11, 170, So.; Eric Clifford, G/DE, 5-10, 215, Jr.; Adam Carreiro, T/DT, 6-4, 285, Jr.; Mark Lucier, HB/DB, 5-11, 175, Sr.; Trevor Rose, QB, 5-10, 165, Sr.; Jake St. Peter, FB/LB, 6-1, 215, Sr.; Joe Mochi, HB/LB, 5-10, 190, Sr.; Chris Marsh, G/LB, ...
McDonald #39;s salads break Olympic record US fastfood giant McDonald #39;s says that sales at its three restaurants around Olympic venues in Greece have so far exceeded its expectations, according to CRIENGLISH.
A Great Place to Start Redskins rookie Chris Cooley, an obscure third-round pick from Utah State, finds himself starting at H-back, a critical position in the offense installed by Joe Gibbs.
Kookaburras condemned for withdrawal Furious Pakistani hockey officials have called for Olympic champion Australia to be punished for withdrawing from December #39;s Champions Trophy tournament in Lahore for security reasons.
Backman Sentenced to 10 Days in Jail  KENNEWICK, Wash., (Sports Network) - Wally Backman, briefly  the manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks, was sentenced to 10  days in jail Friday for violating his probation.
Microsoft Updates Windows Server Roadmap: No WinFS for You On Friday, Microsoft alerted me to sweeping changes in the Windows Server roadmap, an update of sorts to the information that Microsoft Senior Vice President Bob Muglia gave me during an interview in May.
Magna to take auto parts subsidiaries Intier, Decoma and Tesma &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Magna International Inc. has made a \$1.3-billion bid to take its three publicly traded auto parts subsidiaries private in a move the company says will help it win business from Japanese and South Korean carmakers.
Home Photo-Stamp Experiment Canceled (AP) AP - The U.S. Postal Service has canceled a brief experiment that allowed ordinary people to make postage stamps using images of their dogs, babies and even, it turned out, outlaws such as the Unabomber.
IT #39;S VA VA GLOOM ARSENE WENGER last night admitted his Champions League frustration as Arsenal were left facing a nervous scramble to reach the second phase.
Iraqi Rebels Leave Najaf Shrine, Hand in Weapons  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters left the Imam Ali  Mosque in Najaf Friday and began turning in their weapons,  after tens of thousands of pilgrims celebrated a peace  agreement that ended a bloody rebellion.
Kobe Bryant Rape Trial Looks Set to Go Ahead  EAGLE, Colo. (Reuters) - The trial in the Kobe Bryant rape  case looked set to go ahead later this month after the state's  highest court ruled against prosecutors on Monday over a key  piece of evidence in the high-profile case.
US group raises Kidde offer American engineering group United Technologies (UTC) yesterday moved a step closer to buying fire extinguisher maker Kidde. Kidde confirmed it was planning to open its books to UTC after receiving a revised 165p-a-share offer from the group.
Blockbuster sacrifices late fees to lure renters Fort Worth, Texas - Blockbuster is tired of being the butt of jokes on Leno and Letterman. And, even closer to home, it wants to eliminate what the company #39;s president calls  quot;those unpleasant conversations at the register.
Yahoo Update or Changes do to Clusters Yahoo Update or Changes do to Clusters\\There is a thread at WebmasterWorld named Yahoo Update? where members have noticed major shifts in Yahoo's search results pages for competitive keywords. GetBot in message number four says that he has been watching Yahoo! Search and noticed that Yahoo! has been serving up ...
Mortgage lending at 12-month low Mortgage lending slows to its lowest level in a year in August, but credit card spending continues to boom, Bank of England figures show.
IOGEARs new Wireless Bluetooth Mini Mouse Before we go any further, stop saying Mini Mouse like youre Mini Me. Stop it. Thats no longer allowed in the cubicles of America.
French troops sent to quell Ivory Coast unrest ELEANOR HALL: Hundreds of French reinforcements have been sent to stop escalating violence in Ivory Coast. On the weekend, thousands of demonstrators took to the streets of the commercial capital Abidjan to
Olympics: Unforgiving Greeks Boo as Games Turn Ugly  ATHENS (Reuters) - The Olympics turned ugly when  unforgiving Greeks, incensed that fallen hero Costas Kenteris  was missing from the 200 meters, delayed the final by booing  and chanting for five minutes.
Israeli Gaza incursion BEIT LAHIYA, Gaza Strip Israeli tanks, armored vehicles and troops have pushed into northern Gaza in a raid aimed at militants who have fired rockets at Israeli towns.
Walgreen Boosts Profit, Plans More Stores Walgreen Co. (WAG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the top US drugstore chain, on Monday said quarterly profit rose 18.1 percent due to rising prescription demand and strong sales from its
Blocking out the bad QUESTION: What is the best approach to protecting me from ID theft and related activities? Will a software package work best, or must I go to a hardware firewall?
Nortel Says 3rd-Qtr Revenue Will Fall From 2nd Qtr (Update2) Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s largest maker of telephone equipment, said revenue in the third quarter will decline from the second quarter #39;s \$2.
Consortium Works on Network Interoperability A new international group of defense contractors and systems integrators plans to accelerate increased interoperability in network systems that serve the military, first responders and, eventually, commercial users.
Ethernet creator evangelizes on new networking revolution WALTHAM -- Bob Metcalfe -- inventor, entrepreneur, pundit, and venture capitalist -- is just back from Europe and jet-lagged.
Ancient Mask, 'Olympic' Ring Found in Thracian Tomb (Reuters) Reuters - A Bulgarian archaeologist has\unearthed an ancient gold mask and a ring featuring an\"Olympic" rower in what he called an unrivalled find in the\study of classical antiquity.
A monkey off their back Danielle Rhoades still remembers the taste of debt: peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and tuna fish. That #39;s mainly what she subsisted on for a year - after living more extravagantly during her first year
Brodeur makes it easy You can feel the confidence level, not just with Team Canada but with all of Canada. There #39;s every expectation, from one end of the bench to the other, that Martin Brodeur is going to hold the fort.
Rwanda: UN  #39;feeling guilty #39; Dakar - Smaller but mightier than its neighbours, Rwanda #39;s greatest clout may come from its nightmare past: a sense across the world that the country was largely abandoned in 1994 to face Hutu extremists who slaughtered more than a half-million people.
Nilmar set to grace European stage against Manchester United Manchester United may have captured the hottest property in world soccer by signing Wayne Rooney, but Lyon believes it has unearthed the new Ronaldo.
Carmelo can #39;t believe he rode DENVER - Carmelo Anthony spent many nights at the Olympics in his hotel room depressed and wanting to go home. The Denver Nuggets star was demoted to the bench during the Athens Games, in which the NBA players
Packers seek NFL revenge on high-flying Eagles WASHINGTON (AFP) - Revenge is on the mind of the Green Bay Packers as they enter a pivotal National Football League game Sunday at Philadelphia, where the Eagles made an amazing rally to oust them in last season #39;s playoffs.
Chill deepens for Clemsons year Clemson football coaches spent the off-season down-playing the unexpected departures of Donnell Washington and Derrick Hamilton, a couple of playmakers who bolted to the pros after their junior seasons.
Conoco Invests in Russia Oil Major LUKOIL  MOSCOW (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips won a \$2 billion stake in  Russia's LUKOIL and said it aimed to raise that to 20 percent  in a sweeping alliance that allows the two oil majors to tap  vast reserves in northern Russia and Iraq.
AMD releases budget notebook chips Advanced Micro Devices has started to ship the Sempron 3000 chip for budget notebooks.
Court Seen Lifting YUKOS Block -- Lawyers (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. bankruptcy court is likely to\revoke its temporary ban on the sale of Russian oil group\YUKOS's main production unit, lawyers said on Friday.
Burks is back for a fond farewell Rarely have the Red Sox made a more ceremonial roster move than the one they made yesterday in activating Ellis Burks from the disabled list. The move gave Burks and Sox fans a chance to bid each other farewell before he retires after the season. Burks, 40, launched his prolific, 17-year career in the majors with the Sox in 1987.
NY Times Profit Slips as Ad Sales Uneven The New York Times Co. (NYT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday reported lower quarterly net profit, weighed down by an inconsistent ad sales environment.
Treasuries Trim Losses After Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices shaved  narrow losses on Tuesday following news of a weaker than  expected reading on the U.S. economy's huge services sector.
Proprietary MSN Search Beta launches tomorrow Tomorrow, Microsoft finally releases the beta version of its proprietary search engine. For over a year, webmasters and SEOs have seen evidence of MSNbot spidering their sites as MSN-Search gathered information and compiled its database.
US agrees to slow S Korea pull-out \The US agrees to stagger a troop withdrawal from South Korea, due to fears about the North.
AMD and VSNL to sell net communicator device in India Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) has teamed with Videsh Sanchar Nigam (VSNL), a leading Indian telecommunications and internet services company, to market its Personal Internet Communicator (PIC) to consumers in India.
Cude Oil Prices Flat Crude oil prices were flat Monday, after briefly touching \$49 a barrel Friday, amid a spate of record contract highs. The benchmark US crude added 2 cents to \$47.
Everton admit Rooney will be sold BILL Kenwright, the Everton chairman, admitted yesterday that it was  quot;inevitable quot; Wayne Rooney would be leaving Goodison Park.
Iraqi ministers escape attacks BAGHDAD (BBC)-- Two Iraqi interim government ministers have survived apparent assassination attempts in the capital Baghdad. Convoys carrying the environment and education ministers were attacked on their way to offices in the city.
Blue Chips Flat After Wal-Mart Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were little changed on  Monday as a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's biggest retailer, offset the effect  of easing oil prices.
Thousands of passengers stranded by cancelled British Airways flights (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Thousands of British Airways passengers have been stranded by cancelled flights and lengthy delays at Heathrow Airport because of staff shortages and technical problems at the airline.
Rock's Recluse Wilson Center Stage Again LOS ANGELES - If Brian Wilson could change just one thing in life, it wouldn't be the legendary emotional traumas, the insecurities, the drug abuse, the battles with weight or the endless legal conflicts that nearly destroyed him.   "I would have made the rhythm of 'California Girls' a little better," Wilson deadpans...
No Picnic, but Yanks Are Far From Panic HEN Manny Ramirez and David Ortiz hit consecutive home runs Sunday night in Chicago to put the Red Sox ahead, there was dancing in the streets in Boston.
Mozambique Votes to Elect Successor to Chissano Mozambique used canoes and helicopters to ferry ballot papers to remote rural districts for Wednesday #39;s election to pick a successor to President Joaquim Chissano who spent 18 years in office.
Profits Fading in Digital Camera Industry (Reuters) Reuters - Bloated with inventory and mired in the\red, the digital camera business of Japan's Olympus Corp.\underscores how making money in the cut-throat market is\getting tougher.
Update 3: Start of Ex-WorldCom Chief #39;s Trial Delayed A federal judge Tuesday delayed the trial of former WorldCom chief executive Bernard Ebbers until January, granting his lawyers more time to prepare their defense.
Martin shuts down nomination battles to avoid repeat of bitter Liberal fights (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - An experiment in Liberal party democracy that degenerated into vicious internal battles has now been cancelled, Prime Minister Paul Martin told his troops Wednesday.
Six soldiers killed, air strikes mount ahead of expected Fallujah &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RAMADI, Iraq : Six British and American troops were killed in Iraq over the last 24 hours as the US military battered the flashpoint city of Fallujah with air strikes ahead of an expected all-out assault.
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Mixed Early Tokyo stocks were mixed early Friday as investors avoided significant moves ahead of a long weekend. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Baseball Gives Selig Contract Through 2009 PHILADELPHIA - Baseball commissioner Bud Selig received a contract extension through 2009 Thursday as owners praised his 12-year reign, but dissension surfaced among teams in the decision to launch a World Cup tournament.    Selig, who has presided over revolutionary changes in the most traditional of major U.S...
Violence in blockaded Kathmandu as Nepal agrees to meet Maoists halfway (AFP) AFP - Maoist rebels who have cut off Kathmandu for three days attacked security forces and bombed buildings inside the Nepalese capital, as the government partially agreed to guerrilla demands for lifting the blockade.
Home Depot to Pay \$5.5 Mln in Case  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc., the world's largest  home improvement retailer, agreed to pay \$5.5 million to settle  discrimination claims brought by some workers at its Colorado  stores, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)  said on Wednesday.
US Airways, Machinists Hit Impasse Cost-cutting talks between US Airways and its machinist union broke off yesterday after the airline said the union #39;s proposed money-saving ideas were not enough to help the carrier avoid bankruptcy.
Salesforce.com unveils Winter '05 at user conference SAN FRANCISCO -- At the Dreamforce 2004 Salesforce.com user conference on Monday, the company that says "just say no to packaged applications" continued to expand on its strategy of tightly integrating its hosted solution with in-house enterprise applications.
Miller hints that he #39;ll retire after this season Reggie Miller has the option to extend his current contract to the 2005-06 season, but the Pacers #39; all-time leading scorer is talking like his 18th NBA season will be his last.
Loftier goal for Eagles Koy Detmer took a knee for the final time, the clock struck 0:00 and the Eagles had won it and done it. They had cut down the Giants 27-6 with a run of 20 straight points
Livni: Settlement blocs will be strengthened The Housing and Construction Ministry on Tuesday published tenders for about 1,001 new housing units in West Bank settlements.
Golf: Sindelar Leads Canadian Open US golfer Joey Sindelar has shot a 5-under-par, 66 in the rain-delayed first round of the Canadian Open in Oakville, Canada, the last PGA Tour event before the Ryder Cup.
Philippines battered by another typhoon after storm kills more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A powerful typhoon sliced through the Philippines Friday, forcing more than 160,000 people to flee their homes to higher ground even as rescuers struggled to find the missing from an earlier storm that killed more than 420 people.
Steelers QB stands tall IRVING, Texas - Ben Roethlisberger completed 21 of 25 passes and two touchdowns, leading the Pittsburgh Steelers to a 24-20 comeback win over the Dallas Cowboys.
Samsung, Sony Sign Sweeping Patent Deal Some key technologies will not be included in the deal. Sony and Samsung will not share patented technology related to Sony #39;s Digital Reality Creation (DRC) and PlayStation architecture or to
Green #39;s move has us fishing for answers Although the move was stunning, the outcome was predictable and the latest effort from our resident football/fishing genius may have finished off the Cardinals for good.
Halladay Activated to Start Against Yanks (AP) AP - Cy Young Award winner Roy Halladay was activated from the 15-day disabled list and returned to the Toronto Blue Jays to start Tuesday night against the New York Yankees.
A Classic Series Awaits At approximately 12:05 yesterday morning, history was made in perhaps the most remarkable way imaginable. Amid the shouts of euphoria from transplanted Bostonians in rainy Collegetown, one singular theme could
Erickson staying put - for now On second thought, Ole Miss didnt look that good to Dennis Erickson after all. So now its back to where it was earlier this week on the Erickson-Is-Out-As-49ers-Coach front: Hell be coaching San Francisco
Linux Server Sales Hit a New High For the first time, sales top \$1 billion in one quarter, researcher says.
Game review: Halo 2 I know I did. Three years ago, I wandered into a GameStop and saw Halo: Combat Evolved on a television. Two hours later, I was still in the store, still digging the frenetic first-person shooter.
Programs: Flaws Can't Hide Appeal of 'Spy Fiction'  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - "Spy Fiction" is a covert  operator's dream game. Not only does it let you become  virtually invisible to your enemies, but it also gives you the  power to quickly transform yourself into other characters.
Battle of Old Trafford resumed Premiership adversaries Manchester United and Arsenal will have another chance to do battle at Old Trafford after last night #39;s League Cup quarter-final draw brought the teams together again.
Government opens first Enron trial HOUSTON Six former Enron and Merrill Lynch executives were accused Tuesday by a US prosecutor of disguising a \$7 million loan as a sale of energy-producing barges to  quot;help Enron out of a jam.
Violence exposes Shi #39;ite divisions Iraqi security forces fired on demonstrators loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing two in a clash
Roddick, Serena Serve Notice at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Serena Williams left her opponent swinging at shadows, then Andy Roddick finished off his work with a 135 mph fastball. Roddick and Williams easily aced their latest tests in the U.S...
Ex-baseball star #39;s death ruled drug overdose NEW YORK - A drug overdose killed former baseball star Ken Caminiti, who tested positive for cocaine in the weeks before he died at age 41 and had admitted using steroids during his playing days, the city medical examiner ruled Monday.
Durable Goods Orders Slip Unexpectedly  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders for long-lasting U.S.-made  goods unexpectedly slipped 0.4 percent last month as demand for  computers, cars and civilian aircraft slumped, a government  report showed on Wednesday.
Arctic nations agree to fight glacial melting Eight nations with Arctic territory agreed yesterday to fight glacial melting and other effects of climate change in the region, though
DaimlerChrysler posts \$1.2 billion net profit The Auburn Hills-based Chrysler Group made a profit of \$269 million in the third quarter, even though worldwide sales and revenues declined, contributing to a \$1.
Experts defuse bomb in Thailand #39;s violence-hit south Experts defused a large bomb Monday in a city where three similar devices exploded over the weekend - the latest violence blamed on suspected Islamic militants in Thailand #39;s troubled south.
Challenges Likely As Ohio Certifies Vote (AP) AP - Two major challenges are expected to unfold Monday when Ohio Secretary of State Kenneth Blackwell certifies the state's final presidential election results, declaring President Bush the winner by about 119,000 votes.
Romania says it had role in Holocaust BUCHAREST -- President Ion Iliescu yesterday admitted Romania's complicity in the Holocaust, ending decades of denial that hundreds of thousands of Jews were killed in the country when it was an ally of Nazi Germany.
Ofcom delivers ultimatum to BT Ofcom has challenged BT to come up with proposals for opening up its networks to competitors to help speed the growth of telecoms services including broadband - or face a possible Competition Commission investigation.
Woods' Play May Influence New TV Golf Deal (AP) AP - The PGA Tour has always had an impeccable sense of timing when it comes to negotiating television contracts.
Thoughts on free speech  quot;Our system is based on freedom of speech, quot; said Nathan Melton of Spanish Fork. Whether people agree with someone #39;s opinions or not, each person has the right to be heard.
Nearly 750,000 Afghan Refugees Sign Up to Vote  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Nearly three quarters of a million  Afghan refugees living in Pakistan registered to vote in their  country's first direct presidential polls this weekend,  ignoring warnings not to do so from Islamic militants.
Khmer Rouge tribunal approved Cambodia has ratified legislation to set up a UN-assisted tribunal which will put leaders of the murderous Khmer Rouge regime on trial.
Singapore welcomes Chen #39;s address Singapore #39;s foreign ministry said yesterday that it welcomed President Chen Shui-bian #39;s () address a day earlier, calling it a development that would reduce tensions between Taiwan and China.
Dixons wipes the VCR from its stores The news that the Dixon #39;s group is to stop selling the venerable VCR is the end of an era. As with the launch of Dire Straits  #39;Brothers in Arms #39; CD in the early 1980s which was seen as the tipping point between
24 Feared Killed As Typhoon Meari Batters Japan Tokyo, Sept. 30 (NNN): At least 24 people have been killed or are missing after a powerful tropical storm struck south-western Japan.
Tkachuk's 4 goals lift US Keith Tkachuk had four goals and an assist, leading the United States into the World Cup of Hockey semifinals with a 5-3 victory over Russia last night at St. Paul.
IBM Introduces New Blade Servers IBM has introduced six new models in its BladeCenter server line, including five new HS20 models and a new JS20 blade server. The Intel-based HS20 systems now are equipped with two new, compact
Wal-Mart may settle immigration case  Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the world's number one retailer, is in talks with the US Attorney for the Middle District of Pennsylvania to settle an investigation into whether it knowingly hired contractors who used illegal immigrants to clean its stores.
Enron's Chief Financial Officer Resigns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; said Friday  Chief Financial Officer Raymond Brown resigned and will be  replaced on an interim basis by Robert Bingham.
Danes find a bridge to love (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - The train is sleek and fast that each night carries Christina Reves away from her country and toward her husband. It races through Denmark's scattered marshes and clicks over a bridge and across the water, stopping 35 minutes later in Sweden.
Freescale Unveils Dual Core Processor Architecture How about an embedded processor that #39;s designed to deliver a quantum leap in performance and system bandwidth while keeping power in check?
McCaffery:Desperate Cowboys are Eagles challenge IRVING, Texas -- By now, according to the script, Bill Parcells should be deep into a Super Bowl journey, with a Monday night opportunity to take in a little more of the breathtaking scenery.
Young Palestinians, after rule of Arafat, hope for rule of law RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - They fly his banner, wear his face on their T-shirts, and utter solemn prayers with upturned hands at his graveside.
IT under threat, says Veritas &lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; It's 10pm, do you know where your DR plan is?
Cerulean gives Trillian 3.0 IM sneak peek MIAMI - The Trillian instant messaging (IM) application will feature several enhancements in its upcoming version 3.0, including new video and audio chat capabilities, enhanced IM session logs and integration with the Wikipedia online encyclopedia, according to information posted Friday on the product developer's Web site.
Bush: War in Iraq Was Right Despite No WMDs President Bush said on Thursday he\was "right to take action" in Iraq even though a new U.S.\report found that Baghdad had no stockpiles of weapons of mass\destruction and that its nuclear program had decayed.
Oil Extends Jump Above \$52, Eyes Vote Oil prices extended their bounce from three-week lows on Monday, climbing back above \$52 amid jitters over thin global winter fuel stocks and this week #39;s presidential election.
More dead in Gaza rampage At least four Palestinians have been killed and five injured in the continuing Israeli onslaught on the Gaza Strip. In the latest violence a Palestinian teenager was shot dead and two others wounded by Israeli
Major League Baseball News Johan Santana continued his dominating season, pitching six no-hit innings en route to a 2-0 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Friday.
Stealth dino A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
India ; Train services resume after accident site cleared of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;There was a collision between a train coming from Ahmedabad and a local train. Both trains were going at great speed, quot; said Kewal Krishna Sharma, one of the injured.
Apple opens Canadian iTunes store Apple missed its own deadline by a day or two, but nonetheless Canadians yesterday will awake today to find their local iTunes Music Store up and running.
Sito accreditato da: AMD : sicurezza e prestazioni ottimali con il nuovo processore mobile per notebook leggeri e sottili; Acer Inc. preme sull #39;acceleratore con il nuovo notebook a marchio Ferrari.
For NFL, a Tough Start Coaches league-wide are wondering why the NFL's schedule-makers put five games between division rivals on the opening weekend.
Antidepressants and Suicidal Kids Because some antidepressant drugs have been shown to lead to suicidal thoughts among children and teens, the FDA decrees that all manufacturers must carry a warning on their labels.
BMC adds PeopleSoft management BMC Software has released a new version of Patrol for PeopleSoft 2.0 that allows companies to centrally manage PeopleSoft users, transactions, jobs, SQL requests, and business processes.
Open Text to acquire Artesia The planned buy is only the latest shakeup in the market for content management products.
Red Hat Hires Sun #39;s Tegan-Padir As a founding member of Sun #39;s J2EE organization, Tegan-Padir managed the creation of specifications, compatibility test suites, blueprints and guided implementations of Java in the enterprise.
Apple Expo: Apple intros iMac G5 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple's senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, took\a cue from his boss, CEO Steve Jobs, as he unveiled one more thing at the\end of his keynote to kick off this week's Apple Expo in Paris: an iMac G5 that includes the entire\system inside a 17- or 20-inch LCD screen. Continuing the all-in-one theme\that started with the original CRT iMac, the G5 edition features a new\industrial design that does away with the hemispherical base of the previous\generation all together. Schiller said that the new iMacs will be available\in mid-September.
Dollar Rallies on Jobs Numbers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rallied across the board  early  on Friday, after a widely anticipated U.S. payrolls  report came in nearly in line with expectations, something of a  relief to a market fearing another bad number.
Microsoft and Cisco team up on security Their biggest clients hit hard by viruses, worms and other attacks, Microsoft Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc. are planning to work together to help their corporate customers fight back.
UPDATE 2-Circuit City loss narrows, stock jumps Circuit City Stores Inc. (CC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss as it kept a tight rein on expenses and sales of digital
Eight US Marines Killed, Nine Wounded in Iraq Eight US marines were killed and nine wounded in action west of Baghdad Saturday, the US military said. It gave no details on the circumstances of the deaths, which it said occurred in
Ross to Dress for Buckeyes on Saturday (AP) AP - Tailback Lydell Ross is back with Ohio State but it is unclear whether he will play Saturday against Penn State.
UN envoy to Iraq discusses elections with top US official WASHINGTON - The United Nations special envoy to Iraq met with US Deputy Secretary of Defense Richard Armitage Friday to discuss Iraqs January elections, the State Department said.
Forteen Dead as Storm Batters Japan The death toll from a tropical storm buffeting Japan rose today to 14 after searchers found more victims, including two men buried inside their homes beneath mud and debris that had barreled down a mountainside.
EU Probes Microsoft-Time Warner Deal BRUSSELS, Belgium Aug. 25, 2004 - Risking another trans-Atlantic tussle over Microsoft Corp., European Union antitrust regulators said Wednesday they were investigating whether the software giant #39;s deal with media conglomerate Time Warner Inc.
Enron Broadband trial delayed to April Fool #39;s Day There #39;s another postponement in the second scheduled Enron criminal trial and now the case against members of the company #39;s Internet division is set to begin April Fools #39; Day.
Garnett, Timberwolves visit Pacers Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - The Indiana Pacers try to win their second straight game tonight, as they host Kevin Garnett and the Minnesota Timberwolves in the third of a four-game homestand at Conseco Fieldhouse.
Palestinian commission to investigate Arafat #39;s cause of death RAMALLAH, West Bank The Palestinian prime minister has ordered an investigation into the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s death. A statement from Ahmed Qureia #39;s (AHK #39;-mehd kuh-RAY #39;-uhz) office says a commission will
Police arrested in child-porn raids POLICE officers are among more than 150 people charged with about 2000 child sex offences resulting from Australia #39;s biggest crackdown on internet child pornography.
PACK BACK IN PHILLY The Green Bay Packers return to the site of one of their most bitter defeats on Sunday when they visit the Philadelphia Eagles. The Packers still have the memory of last season #39;s divisional play-off loss to
TXT-to-pay parking gets green light Wellington City Council will this week start replacing 1300 parking meters with 300 pay-and-display machines that can accept payments from mobile phones or credit cards.
Healy gets Dad #39;s backing David Healy #39;s dad Clifford said that he could not believe it when he saw his son sent off for his celebrations during the 2-2 draw with Wales.
Microsoft Sues Web Hoster, Others Over Spam (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. filed nine new lawsuits\against spammers who send unsolicited e-mail, including an\e-mail marketing Web hosting company, the world's largest\software maker said on Thursday
TimeWarner Settles AOL Fraud for \$210 Mln  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Media giant Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt;  will pay fines of \$210 million under an agreement with the U.S.  government to be announced on Wednesday to settle charges that  its America Online unit inflated revenue, a Justice Department  official said.
Margaret Hassan #39;s husband appeals for her release BAGHDAD, Iraq The husband of a kidnapped relief worker in Iraq is appealing for her release  quot;in the name of Islam. quot;. Tahseen Ali Hassan told Al-Arabiya television that  quot;it hurts quot; to see his wife cry.
CLUTCH IN THE CLUTCH Colts.com. Such was the formula for the Colts throughout the first month of the season, and such was the formula Sunday afternoon.
CanWest debt shuffle provides US\$133.6M in cash to Hollinger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - A debt refinancing by CanWest Global Communications Corp. has cut its future interest costs while paying \$133.6 million US to Hollinger International Inc.
ROCKETS BY THE NUMBERS Because he does not overreact, Rockets coach Jeff Van Gundy has coolly and dispassionately assessed the season so far and reached a few simple conclusions.
Wenger:  #39;ManYoo deliberately targeted Reyes #39; Arsene Wenger has accused ManYoo of deliberately targeting Jose Reyes during Sundays controversial clash at Old Trafford. As well as fuming at the penalty awarded by Mike Riley, Wenger was incensed by the
Diabetes websites too complicated Online health advice for people with diabetes is often too complex to understand, research suggests.
Motorola to Invest  #36;90 Million in China R D Center (Reuters) Reuters - Motorola Inc. said on Friday it plans\to invest  #36;90 million in a new research facility in Beijing as\the U.S. mobile phone maker fights to wrest back top position\in the domestic handset market.
No half measures with Half-Life 2 Installation bugs barely dent the greatness of Half-Life 2, says reviewer James Bregman.
Jaguar workers vote against strike Jaguar workers delivered a snub to union leaders by rejecting plans to strike over Ford #39;s decision to stop car assembly at the Browns Lane plant in Coventry.
Private craft launches a new era SpaceShipOne, the world #39;s first privately built manned spacecraft, blasted into space for the second time in less than a week on Monday to claim the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
Liverpool misses a win against Portsmouth Liverpool was looking good for a win against Portsmouth in the premiership game being played at Anfield. However, a goal in the injury time by Portsmouths Lomana LuaLua spoiled their chances.
McGrath steals thunder DESTINY #39;s child Michael Clarke hammered New Zealand but batting bunny Glenn McGrath received a guard of honour for breaking Kiwi hearts in Brisbane yesterday.
Telecoms sell-off price reduced Hutchison Whampoa, under pressure to offset losses on 3G mobile costs, cuts the price for the sale of its emerging markets arm.
Dodgers #39; Weaver eager to escape NY state of mind Jeff Weaver says the potent St. Louis Cardinals lineup reminds him of the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox batting orders. That #39;s about the only New York comparison the former Yankee wants to summon tonight.
Stocks Slip on Oil, Soggy Sept. Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday,  pressured by record oil prices, disappointing September sales  from retailers and a drop in drug stocks.
Australian high court limits unions' right to strike (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard has welcomed a far-reaching High Court ruling that bars trade unions from taking industrial action over political, social or environmental issues.
Bills Battle Back After Bleak Beginning The Mike Mularkey era in Buffalo began with an 0-4 record. But eight weeks and six victories later, the Bills suddenly find themselves in the playoff hunt.
Bush Signs  #36;136B Corporate Tax Cut Bill (AP) AP - President Bush showered  #36;136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers and other groups Friday, quietly signing the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades.
UK Regulator Issues VoIP Numbering Plan Ofcom, the official telecom regulator for the UK, published its approach to new voice services, including Voice over Broadband (VoB) phone services.
Saturn #39;s moon Titan may offer huge clues to Earth #39;s evolution With a whole universe to explore and dozens of potential targets in the solar system to examine in closer detail, spending \$3.3 billion on an 11-year
WHO urges poor nations to offer women deworming pills  PRETORIA -- The World Health Organization urged poor countries yesterday to offer deworming pills to pregnant women after a recent study in Nepal showed a 41 percent drop in the deaths of infants of mothers who took the pills before giving birth.
Handcuffing protester speaks out Militant fathers #39; rights protester Jonathan Stanesby has described how he managed to handcuff himself to Children #39;s Minister Margaret Hodge for 40 minutes at a conference.
Protests at GM job cuts to spread Staff at  General Motors are to hold protests across Europe at the company's plans to cut 12,000 jobs.
EVD aims expansion, partnership amid challenges The video compact disc (VCD) player was a spectacular breakthrough in the history of China #39;s electronics industry. The device, first invented by the Chinese firm Wanyan Electronics
M amp;T Bank Posts Higher 3Q Profit M amp;T Bank Corp. said Tuesday that its profit jumped 19 percent for the quarter ended Sept. 30, helped by a slight rise in interest income and loans during the period.
Ivory Coast's Army Calls for Calm After Riots  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Top generals in Ivory Coast pledged on  Monday to work with France to establish stability in the  world's top cocoa grower after three days of violent  anti-French riots in the main city Abidjan.
UN to investigate Darfur genocide A five-member panel to investigate whether genocide has taken place in Darfur has been appointed by United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan.
Offshoring: An issue that defies easy answers The shipment of jobs overseas is one of the most pressing economic issues of the presidential campaign. Here are 10 key facts of the matter.\
Games cross finish with bizarre twis Among the things that have occurred frequently at the 2004 Olympics: Weird happenings, and success by American athletes. In the final event of the Games last night, both were in evidence.
PDF Proof:  #39;This Song is Your Song #39; A court case alleging copyright infringement against a Web site using a popular song in a political parody ended abruptly when an Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) investigation revealed that Woody Guthrie #39;s  quot;This Land is Your Land quot; is in the public
Space pioneer dies at home in Ventura As a retired pilot himself, Roy W. Roush knows a good aviator holds the elevation steady while gliding through the clouds. In the 15 years he was friends with space pioneer Leroy Gordon Cooper, Roush flew
Bush Reviews Disputed Guard Documents KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine - President Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously, a White House official said Saturday.    The long-running story on Bush's Texas Air National Guard service took an unusual twist when CBS broadcast a report on what it said were the newly discovered records...
Stocks sag on corporate forecasts and worse-than-expected economic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Earnings warnings from Celestica and Coca-Cola along with a slowdown in US industrial production sent stock markets lower Wednesday.
Smoltz back in starting rotation He has won 20. He has saved 50. And now that he #39;s back in the Braves #39; starting rotation, he #39;ll probably win 20 again. John Smoltz last started a game back in the 2001 season.
Killer Ivan enters Gulf of Mexico Hurricane Ivan has entered the Gulf of Mexico packing maximum sustained winds of near 160 miles-an-hour. The National Hurricane Center says gusts are even higher and Ivan remains an  quot;extremely dangerous quot; Category Five hurricane.
Private spaceship designers get \$A13m AP - The designers of the first privately manned rocket to burst into space have received a \$US10 million (\$A13 million) cheque, a prize designed to encourage technology that will open the heavens to tourists.
Innovation Needed Before Techs Can Grow (AP) AP - Jeffrey Saut doesn't need a minutely detailed analysis to get a read on the technology sector  #151; the chief investment strategist at Raymond James Financial Services can get an idea from just looking around his office. Raymond James isn't buying new technology, and neither are thousands of other companies  #151; because there's nothing that they're really motivated to buy.
Pew study: Blogs busted out in 2004 For blogs and bloggers, 2004 was a good year, according to data released from the Pew Internet   American Life Project.
American Who Won Cycling Gold Denies Blood Transfusions Tyler Hamilton strongly denied today that he had used illegal performance-enhancing blood transfusions in Athens.
Messina Stays 3rd in Italy; Barcelona Leads in Spain (Update2) Messina missed the chance to join Juventus on 10 points at the top of Italian soccer #39;s Serie A after drawing 0-0 at home with Chievo.
Demtchenko of Russia Wins Men's Luge (AP) AP - Albert Demtchenko of Russia won the men's singles Sunday to break up a sweep by the powerful German team of all five races at a Luge World Cup event.
India, Australia evenly poised at lunch Test debutant Nathan Hauritz took the key wicket of Sachin Tendulkar to give Australia a slight advantage on day three of the fourth and final Test against India in Mumbai.
Doting on dot-coms Do darlings Google, Yahoo and eBay, at or near 52-week highs, deserve those lofty prices? NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Are we seeing a return to irrational exuberance for Internet stocks?
Serb Boycott Confirms Kosovo Still Divided (AP) AP - A Serb boycott of Kosovo's second general election confirmed lingering divisions in the U.N.-run province, and partial results from a monitoring group indicated that the political landscape will likely remain unchanged.
Angst Over Anglers In a study published Friday, a team of marine biologists finds that sport fishing accounts for nearly one-fourth of the total catch for the commercially valuable species the federal government most worries about conserving.
Update 4: EU Head Office Trims 2005 Growth Forecast The European Union #39;s head office issued a bleak economic report Tuesday, warning that the sharp rise in oil prices will  quot;take its toll quot; on economic growth next year while the euro #39;s renewed climb could threaten crucial exports.
Philips Chip Chief to Take Over at Broadcom Broadcom Corp. on Tuesday announced that Scott McGregor, chief of Philips #39; chip division, will become its new president and CEO.
Sports Depot makes a strategic play Anticipating Harvard University's expansion in Allston, the owner of the Sports Depot pub-style restaurant last week bought longtime neighbor Able Rug's real estate -- a 19th-century slap-dash warehouse-style building and a parking lot -- for \$1.25 million.
Brooks Returns Star sophomore linebacker Ahmad Brooks is back with the first string after a curious demotion prior to the season-opening win over Temple last Saturday.
Oracle again extends PeopleSoft offer Oracle's \$7.7 billion takeover offer for PeopleSoft has been extended several times already and was set to expire today.
CA officially taps Swainson for CEO job delays CA World Computer Associates today officially announced that John Swainson, an IBM veteran, has been named president and CEO-elect, as well as a member of the CA board.
EADS Seen Facing Hurdles Inside and Out Over Thales A blockbuster merger to make Airbus parent EADS an even bigger threat to US archrival Boeing Co. would face opposition both internally
Kettle Campaign Kicks Off Tonight The Salvation Army holds its annual Kettle Kick-Off this evening in downtown St. Paul with the lighting of a giant kettle. The Salvation Army plans to announce a \$7 million Christmas fund-raising goal.
Celtics put Gugliotta on injured list CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Boston Celtics returned Tom Gugliotta to the injured list Wednesday, this time with a sprained right ankle.
Hurricane Damage to Hurt Allstate Profit Allstate Corp. (ALL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US home and auto insurer, warned on Wednesday its third-quarter profits would fall well short of expectations due to more than \$1 billion in hurricane-related payouts.
Suppan faces former team In 2003, Pedro Martinez and Jeff Suppan were teammates. Just one year later, both are in the Fall Classic and pitching against each other.
Letters to the Editor: Poor odds for super-casinos TESSA JOWELL should visit Atlantic City, New Jersey, the former equivalent of Blackpool, if she thinks casinos will regenerate run down resorts and provide jobs for the locals (News, last week).
Amazon challenges DVD rental market with lower rates LONDON - Amazon.co.uk is taking on the crowded UK DVD online rental market with a new offering that will undercut current prices by as much as 30.
England wins World Cup with final-round 64 Seville, Spain (Sports Network) - Paul Casey and Luke Donald of England fired an eight-under 64 in the alternate-shot format Sunday to win the World Golf Championships - World Cup.
A rough day could have been even worse for Lions Michael Robinson and Penn State assistant coach Bill Kenney returned to State College on Sunday after Robinson was held overnight at the University of Wisconsin Hospital and Clinics following Penn State #39;s 16-3 loss to the Badgers.
Iraq's Neighbors Get  #36;2.9 Billion for Clean-Up (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations approved paying  #36;2.9\billion to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia on Thursday for\environmental projects to clean up oil lakes and other\pollution from Iraq's 1990-1991 occupation of Kuwait, a\spokesman said.
Japan Importing US Beef Again 10/23/04- Japan will soon import US beef again. This follows a tentative agreement between America and Japan to end a 10-month ban after concerns of Mad Cow Disease.
Australian terrorist seeks deal to testify in foreign trials SYDNEY : Australia #39;s first convicted terrorist, who confessed to conspiring with Al-Qaeda to blow up the Israeli embassy in Canberra, wants a deal in exchange for testifying against terror suspects in foreign courts.
Plan to limit foreigners mooted Arsene Wenger #39;s policy of bringing youngsters from across Europe to build his next Arsenal squad could be outlawed under a new UEFA ruling.
Gunmen Attack Mauritania Security Chief #39;s Home Unidentified gunmen opened fire on the house of Mauritania #39;s national security chief early Sunday, police in the coup-prone West African country said.
FedEx Profit, Outlook Up, Stock Down FedEx Corp. (FDX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said quarterly profit nearly quadrupled on in its international, ground and freight businesses, but the stock slipped on disappointment over the margins.
Iran converts uranium in defiance of UN on Saturday calling on Iran to suspend all activities related to uranium enrichment. The United States,. Russia and the European Union reinforced the message on Monday by urging Tehran to comply.
Operating under cover Brown ground. Fast grass. Except for on the tip of Cape Cod, it doesn't really look like skiing or boarding conditions around these parts.
Compuware asks court to sanction IBM An emergency motion was filed Friday the 13th of August in US District Court of Eastern Michigan, Compuware said that IBM failed to provide essential evidence, which includes several pieces of disputed software source code, until after the case #39;s ...
Chevron denies Kazakh tax claim ChevronTexaco says its Tengizchevroil venture has not been sent a \$2.5bn back-tax bill from the Kazakh government.
Server Market Share Research has lately shown that enterprises are going to spend a lot of money on IT hardware and infrastructure during the rest of the year, and both Gartner and IDC have new numbers tracking ongoing growth in the server market.
Equatorial Guinea prosecutor wants death for S. African 'mercenary' (AFP) AFP - The prosecutor in the trial of a group of suspected foreign mercenaries accused of plotting a putsch in Equatorial Guinea said he will call for the death penalty for the coup-plotters' alleged leader, South African Nick du Toit.
Photos: Halo 2, the adventure begins Thousands of fans wait for hours to pick up the first copies of Microsoft's long-awaited Xbox game sequel.
NASA #39;s DART launch Postponed NASA and Orbital Sciences Corp. have postponed today #39;s launch of the Demonstration of Autonomous Rendezvous Technology (DART) spacecraft because the target satellite, Multiple Paths, Beyond-Line-of-Sight Communications
Ministers quit in president row FOUR Lebanese ministers have quit the Government in protest at a Syrian-inspired constitutional amendment to keep its protege President Emile Lahoud in power for another three years.
Cingular Sells IDEA Cellular Stake Cingular Wireless continues to meet its AT amp;T Wireless merger approval obligations to shed some assets. The latest: The carrier is selling its stake in IDEA Cellular.
New Netscape embraces Firefox, IE com November 30, 2004, 8:00 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Yankees Blow Lead but Beat Twins 13-10 MINNEAPOLIS - Gary Sheffield homered twice and keyed a four-run rally in the ninth inning Thursday night, sending the New York Yankees to a seesaw, 13-10 win over the Minnesota Twins.    Down 9-3 and minus Gold Glove center fielder Torii Hunter after he crashed into the fence, the Twins came back and almost swept the three-game series between AL division leaders...
Grokster touts 'legal, licensed' p2p music share system Licenses Mercora 'person-to-person' radio software
Personal Tech: Cybersecurity Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to talk about The Washington Post's special cybersecurity report.
Cybercriminals infiltrating U.K. companies Businesses need to screen potential employees more carefully, report says.
No. 9 North Carolina 91, No. 8 Kentucky 78 North Carolina finally beat Kentucky again, thanks to Rashad McCants and Sean May. Jawad Williams helped a bunch, too. McCants scored 28 points, May had 14 points and 19 rebounds and Williams tipped in a miss
Yankees strike back Gary Sheffield hit a tiebreaking two-run homer in the ninth inning and the Yankees sent the fading Indians to their eighth straight loss, 6-4, last night in Cleveland.
HDTV 'Starter' Kit for PC Comes with Some Kinks  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - High-definition television can  show the sweat beading on an athlete's brow, but the cost of  all the necessary electronic equipment can get a shopper's own  pulse racing.
Kane sentenced to 18 years in death of ex-wife Former football player Tommy Kane, who pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the death of his former wife, was sentence Friday to 18 years in jail.
F1: Panis to quit racing Toyota's Olivier Panis will retire from Formula One at the end of the 2004 season.
Bush Wants  #36;3.5B to Boost Iraq Security (AP) AP - The Bush administration wants Congress' permission to shift nearly  #36;3.5 billion of the  #36;18.4 billion in Iraqi reconstruction aid to security and faster economic growth, documents submitted to lawmakers show.
Stock Futures Whipsaw After Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures fell on Friday then  quickly rebounded, after a U.S. report showed job growth in  August came in slightly below expectations.
Bank bomb blasts kill one A series of bombings ripped through three banks Wednesday in downtown Buenos Aires killing one security guard and injuring a member of the bomb squad.
News Corp shareholders to vote on move SYDNEY: News Corp Ltd said it plans to hold a shareholder vote on its proposed reincorporation to the US at its annual general meeting in Adelaide on Oct 26, after obtaining approval from Australia #39;s Federal Court earlier yesterday.
Judge Recalls Football Glory in Campaign (AP) AP - Judge Dick Ambrose wants his name to stand out on the November ballot like an orange Cleveland Browns helmet in a sea of Steelers black and gold.
Furious Japan seeks action against NKorea for lying about &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : Japan is enraged at North Korea for allegedly lying about the deaths of two of its citziens the Stalinist state kidnapped, with commentators warning the deception has set back the chances of reconcilation with the outside world.
Robinson thrilled with England captaincy JASON Robinson settled into life as England captain and admitted he had no hesitation in accepting the post. Robinson #39;s  #39;fantastic job #39; in leading Sale Sharks to the Zurich Premiership summit was also revealed
UN man backs Darfur autonomy The UN's refugee chief says Sudan should grant more autonomy to Darfur to try to end continuing violence.
Olympic gold provides inspiration Britain #39;s Olympic success and gold medal tally gives the papers an excuse to wax lyrical on Sunday. Matthew Pinsent #39;s fourth rowing gold and his team #39;s success in the coxless four is the cause of many  quot;oar-some quot; puns.
Monty adds to confusion Miguel Angel Jimenez leads the BMW International at the halfway point on 134 with David Lynn and Retief Goosen jointly second a stroke behind, but these are two of very few facets of this tournament that are clear and incontrovertible.
Election jitters send oil lower Oil prices have fallen further below \$50 a barrel as, with the result of the US presidential elections still difficult to predict, traders cashed in positions.
No. 13 Mich. St. Tops Santa Clara, 81-59 (AP) AP - Kelli Roehrig had 23 points and 12 rebounds to lead No. 13 Michigan State to an 81-59 victory over Santa Clara on Saturday in the semifinals of the Rainbow Wahine Classic.
The virtual girlfriend is here Hong Kong citizens famously told a survey last year they were too busy with work for relationships; now a new technology will enable them to go dating using their famous passion for mobile phones.
Major ankle op for Thomas Chicago White Sos slugger Frank Thomas could miss the start of next season after undergoing surgery on his left ankle. The 36-year-old, nicknamed  quot;Big Hurt quot;, had debris removed from the joint, underwent a
Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat Yasser Arafat #39;s successors promised a swift election to replace him on Saturday as Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the former guerrilla who symbolized their hopes of a state.
Masai, Whites and Wildlife: No Peaceable Kingdom Masai herders in Kenya have begun cutting fences and marching their livestock onto the private ranchland of white settlers, where wildlife thrives.
Sony Discloses Details on Computer Chip Yoshihide Fujii, president and chief executive officer of Tokyoba Digital Media Network Co., speaks during a press conference in Tokyo, Monday, Nov. 29, 2004.
Team owners relent; strike averted NAGOYA-A second weekend baseball strike was averted Thursday after team owners conceded to players #39; demands and ended the often-nasty labor dispute.
Renegades waiting on owner The shotgun formation is one used quite often on the football field, an alignment that is effective for passing the ball and generating offence.
Concern over US volcano rumbles US scientists fear a surge in activity at the Mount St Helens volcano in Washington state might be a sign it is on the verge of erupting.
Ganguly to appeal against ICC googly The International Cricket Council (ICC) on Sunday suspended Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly from two Test matches for his teams slow over-rate against Pakistan in the Platinum Jubilee One-Day International match held on Saturday putting him out of action
Sri Lankan protest at price rises More than 1,000 opposition activists protest in Sri Lanka's capital, Colombo, about the rising cost of living.
World track glory pull for Radcliffe PAULA Radcliffe is considering going for the 10,000 metres gold medal in the World Championships in Helsinki next summer. Max Jones, UK Athletics performance director, believes Radcliffe is eager to prove herself as a global track champion.
Morgan Stanley Profit Drops by a Third  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Morgan Stanley  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third  on sharply lower bond trading revenue and higher expenses,  falling well short of Wall Street's low expectations and  pushing the company's shares down as much as 8 percent.
Google Offering Waits For SEC Approval Google Inc.'s initial public offering of stock remained on hold Tuesday after the Securities and Exchange Commission delayed final approval of the company's prospectus. The  delay did not appear to involve any major new issues, and the company continued to maintain  that its IPO is on track. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
US probe weighs on Tommy Hilfiger Shares sink as a federal grand jury continues its investigation into commission rates, tax benefits. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp.
More talks scheduled as Italy presses Libya on immigration crisis (AFP) AFP - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is aiming to make cooperation with Libya a model for Europe's efforts to stem a tide of illegal immigration from Africa, but further talks are still needed between Tripoli, Rome and the EU to resolve the crisis.
Oil bonanza boosts Saudi finances Saudi Arabia is set to see a budget surplus for 2004, thanks to surging oil prices, Crown Prince Abdullah says.
Microsoft Courts Non-Friendly #39; Linux Users to Increase Sales Microsoft Corp. Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer is reviving profit and sales growth by preventing customer defections to Linux, a computer operating system available for free on the Internet.
Bonds Could Have Unknowingly Taken Steroids  OAKLAND, Calif. (Reuters) - Barry Bonds took creams and  oils that could have contained steroids, but did so unknowingly  out of blind faith in his trainer and best friend, the baseball  player's lawyer said on Friday.
Nortel Delays Filing Results -- Again  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt;, one of  the world's biggest telecoms equipment makers, has again  delayed filing its restated financial results, mainly because  of revenue reporting issues, the company said on Thursday .
Mike Selvey There is a sense of symmetry about Michael Vaughan and his England team dragging themselves off to Namibia and thence Zimbabwe with all the gloom of heretics on their way to the Tower, on the same day that London #39;s 2012 Olympic bid had a champagne bottle
A costly case The decision by Colorado prosecutors Wednesday to drop the rape case against NBA star Kobe Bryant ends a massive legal and social debacle in a way that leaves no one looking good.
Maine's Crocker part of record-setting team ATHENS -- Michael Phelps was sitting in the bleachers in his team shirt and shorts last night, waving a small American flag and exulting in every gold medal. Especially the one he got without swimming a stroke.
Iraq Can Be Good Engine of Growth in Region: IMF Chief JEDDAH, 24 October 2004 - War-shattered Iraq, which will certainly benefit from a peaceful situation like any other country, has great potential for growth.
Arafat #39;s condition deteriorating Senior Palestinian officials, after consulting with doctors treating Yasser Arafat and visiting his hospital, said Tuesday his condition had deteriorated dramatically
Vitamin E Thwarts Colds in the Elderly By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Nursing home residents who take daily doses of vitamin E appear to be less likely to develop certain respiratory infections, a new study finds.    The protective effect was most pronounced with upper respiratory infections, such as the common cold...
Arsenal sign record sponsorship deal Premier League champions Arsenal have announced a sponsorship deal with Emirates Airlines worth a potential 100 million pounds, the biggest in English football history.
Massive relief operation underway in flood-hit southwestern China (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - At least 143 people in southwestern China have been killed and dozens more are missing in massive floods and landslides triggered by torrential summer rains, officials and state television reported Tuesday.
MmO2, NTT DoCoMo agree i-mode Internet deal (AFP) AFP - British mobile telephone operator mmO2 announced the signing of a deal with NTT DoCoMo, Japan's leading mobile phone operator, to launch i-mode mobile Internet services in Britain, Germany and Ireland.
Schmid to Coach U.S. Under-20 Soccer Team (AP) AP - Sigi Schmid was hired Friday as coach of the U.S. Under-20 team, his second stint in the job.
Graham Lauds Mr. O'Brien For soft-spoken trainer Robin Graham, calling the 5-year-old gelding Mr. O'Brien "great" in workouts for Saturday's Breeders' Cup Mile is downright effusive.
Revenue Canada workers set to begin hitting picket lines Wednesday (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - More than 20,000 Revenue Canada employees were poised to begin rotating strikes Wednesday after wage talks with the government collapsed.
Pavano Homers As Marlins Beat Padres 8-3 (AP) AP - Carl Pavano pitched six solid innings, hit a home run and drove in two runs to lead the Florida Marlins to an 8-3 win over the San Diego Padres on Sunday.
LG.Philips ramps sixth-gen TFT plant LG.Philips LCD has reported that mass production at its sixth generation thin-film-transistor liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) plant in Gumi, South Korea, began last month.
The Call Is Cheap. The Wiretap Is Extra. Wiretapping Internet phones to monitor criminals and terrorists is costly and complex, and potentially a big burden on new businesses trying to sell the phone service.
Aussie woman takes 500 time trial in the velodrome ATHENS (AP)  Anna Meares of Australia won the gold medal Friday in the 500-meter time trial with a world-record time of 33.952 seconds.
Americans Accused of Torture Sentenced (AP) AP - Three Americans accused of torturing Afghans in a private jail were found guilty Wednesday by a three-judge panel, after a trial criticized by the defense as failing to meet international standards of fairness.
Tendulkar honoured and thrilled but not satisfied DHAKA - Sachin Tendulkar was thrilled, but not satisfied, by his record-equalling 34th Test century against Bangladesh in Dhaka yesterday.
Death toll rises in Lagos pipeline fire THE Police confirmed yesterday that between 30 and 50 people were killed in Thursdays pipeline explosion at Imore village in Lagos.
Karzai clinches Afghan poll win woman and a young Afghan girl killed on Saturday by a Taliban suicide bomber in central Kabul. declare a winner until it has reviewed a report by an independent panel investigating voting irregularities.
Loeb in front in Wales - but for how much longer? Citroen #39;s Sebastien Loeb remains in front on the Wales Rally GB tonight Friday, despite pressure from Petter Solberg late this morning, and in the afternoon, which saw the Frenchman #39;s advantage more than halved.
China #39;s consumer electronic industry to hit \$94 billion HONG KONG - China #39;s consumer electronics industry is projected to reach \$49.6 billion in sales this year, growing by more than 20 percent annually to reach \$94 billion in 2007, according to a report from Global Sources Ltd.
Super Bowl 39: Patriots -- again It is an accepted axiom in the NFL: Every team has problems. Coaches and team executives commiserate about them like old folks complaining about aches and pains.
Wall Street crash barriers stay put YESTERDAY - October 24 - was the 75th anniversary of the first day of the 1929 Wall Street Crash. As Professor JK Galbraith noted:  #39;That day 12,894,650 shares changed hands, many of them at prices which shattered
South African could take over No. 2 spot THOMASTOWN, Ireland -- World No. 3 Ernie Els fired a sparkling second-round 8-under-par 64 Friday to move two shots clear in the WGC-American Express Championship.
EU trio hits Iran with nuclear deadline France, Britain and Germany have told Iran that if they had not reached a final agreement to freeze key parts of its atomic programme by Monday, they would not stop moves to seek sanctions against Tehran.
FCC frees up spectrum for 3G Regulators set aside additional bandwidth for third-generation cell phones and other advanced wireless services.
Apple introduces two new Garageband Jam Packs Apple has introduced two new Jam Packs for its popular GarageBand consumer music creation software today. These two new packs offer new instruments and loops for different genres.
UPDATE:Stanchart To Buy 51 Stake In Indonesia Bk Permata JAKARTA (Dow Jones)--A consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC (STAN.LN) won the bidding for a majority stake in PT Bank Permata (BNLI.
Google Grabs 3-D Mapping Startup Google Inc. on Wednesday branched out into 3-D digital mapping with the acquisition of Keyhole Corp. In its second acquisition this year, Google has bought a startup company that connects consumers, businesses
Hewitt states intent with demolition of Moya Lleyton Hewitt was able to get off the mark after an overnight delay at the Masters Cup here yesterday. The Australian former world No 1 completed his opening round-robin contest, defeating Carlos Moya, of Spain, 6-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Sharon Accepts Plan to Reduce Gaza Army Operation, Haaretz Says Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepted an army plan to reduce the number of soldiers mounting an operation in the Gaza Strip aimed at stopping Palestinian rocket attacks, the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz said.
Wirdheim off to America Sweden #39;s Bjorn Wirdheim, who was Jaguar Racing #39;s test and reserve driver will not be continuing with Red Bull Racing. Wirdheim had been due to run in the test at Barcelona and at Jerez but the team has now decided to continue with Vitantonio Liuzzi.
N.Y. Mayor Has Plans To Import Flu Shots Scrambling to ease a vaccine crunch, New York City joined other jurisdictions ordering vaccine from Europe, putting pressure on the Bush administration to authorize the shipments.
Time Warner 3rd-Qtr Profit Falls 7.8 on Legal Costs (Update5) Time Warner Inc., the world #39;s largest media company, said third-quarter profit fell 7.8 percent after it set aside \$500 million to resolve government investigations into its accounting practices at America Online.
One probe to cover fire, death of sub officer FASLANE, SCOTLAND -- The Canadian military will conduct one all-encompassing inquiry into the deadly fire aboard HMCS Chicoutimi, rejecting an initial suggestion to separately examine the blaze and the subsequent death of a navy submariner.
Harland surges to bronze Georgina Harland comes from 14th place on the final run to win a bronze in the women's modern pentathlon.
HDS unveils TagmaStore array Hitachi Data Systems has unveiled its TagmaStore Universal Storage System, a series of three arrays based on a switched architecture that can scale to 332TB of internal storage and manage up to 32 petabytes of external storage.
RNC Creates Web Sites to Criticize Kerry (AP) AP - Republicans have one message for followers of many faiths: Sen. John Kerry is wrong.
Torre the lure as Pavano opts for Yankees As it turned out, Joe Torre trumped Curt Schilling in the Carl Pavano sweepstakes. Pavano #39;s agent, Scott Shapiro, said last night that the
Group to lobby Ford over Jaguar Jaguar workers will lobby Ford bosses at the Paris Motor Show over the threatened closure of the Browns Lane plant.
Alitalia agrees to new contracts Alitalia took a step on Tuesday toward resolving the labor disputes that have threatened to push it into bankruptcy, agreeing to new contracts with its 2,300 pilots.
Burma military officers 'jailed' Three senior intelligence officers are reportedly jailed in further fallout from an apparent high-level power struggle.
Saddam's Illicit Trade No Secret to U.S. (AP) AP - Saddam Hussein was dead broke, the result of U.N. penalties. Or so it was thought. So where did the Iraqi president find the money to pursue missile technology from North Korea, air defense systems from Belarus and other prohibited military equipment?
Pfizer Posts Higher Earnings on Drug Sales Pfizer Inc. said Wednesday that third quarter earnings, excluding charges, beat Wall Street expectations by a penny, on strong sales of Lipitor and Celebrex medicines.
Virgin Unveils Super-Small MP3 Player; Goes After iPod mini Virgin Electronics announced Tuesday its own portable digital music player weighing less than the Apple iPod mini with an additional 1 gigabyte of storage space.
Patriots Take On Puzzling Chiefs On Monday _ The New England Patriots might have a better chance of winning their 24th game in 25 tries Monday night if they were 1-8 instead of 8-1.
Computer Q amp;A: Tips on installing Windows XP SP2 It seems that Microsoft #39;s new upgrade to Windows is making some people nervous. That #39;s not surprising, as home and office computing environments are just not as friendly as they used to be due to viruses and spyware. Even the software we ...
Mississippi State Upsets No. 20 Florida STARKVILLE, Mississippi (Sports Network) - Jerious Norwood #39;s 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter lifted Mississippi State to a shocking 38-31 victory over 20th-ranked Florida.
British officials call emergency meeting LONDON: British Grand Prix organisers will stage an emergency meeting today aimed at blocking Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone #39;s plans to scrap the race.
Pinochet Undergoes Psychiatric Tests Former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet has undergone psychiatric tests to determine if he is fit to stand trial for alleged human rights abuses during his 17-year rule.
Gibbs Returns with Win as Redskins Edge Buccaneers (Reuters) Reuters - Clinton Portis ran 64 yards for a\touchdown and had 164 yards rushing as the Washington Redskins\used a stifling defense to edge the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 16-10\on Joe Gibbs' NFL return Sunday.
Angels tie A #39;s in West Ichiro Suzuki had two hits to move within three of tying the single-season record, and the Seattle Mariners pounded Tim Hudson in a 7-2 victory over the host Oakland Athletics last night.
Toll put at 7,000 in 1995 massacre Bosnia-Herzegovina BANJA LUKA -- Bosnian Serb forces killed more than 7,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica, a Bosnian Serb commission conceded yesterday in its final report on the 1995 massacre. Bosnian Muslim officials claim that up to 8,000 men and boys were killed at Srebrenica in July 1995, when Serb troops overran the UN-declared safe zone in Europe's worst ...
Both sides talking lawsuits in Oakland chair incident The woman whose nose was broken when Texas Rangers reliever Frank Francisco threw a chair into the stands Monday night said yesterday she plams to seek compensation for her injuries once prosecutors and baseball officials complete their investigation. Jennifer Bueno , 41, with a large white bandage covering her nose, and her husband, Craig , appeared at a news conference ...
Polish defence minister sparks confusion over Iraq troop pullout Poland #39;s defence minister sparked confusion Monday by announcing that the country would pull its troops out of Iraq by the end of next year, only to be contradicted hours later by other top government figures.
Sports World Denver  Dennis Rodman, the 43-year-old former NBA rebounding champion, participated in an informal workout with the Denver Nuggets on Thursday.
Oil Futures Rise to Record as Iraq Fighting Threatens Exports Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil futures rose to a record, surpassing \$49 a barrel in New York, on concern clashes in southern Iraq between US troops and Shiite Muslim militiamen may cut exports.
Adams stops short of apology As survivors of the 1974 Birmingham pub bombings joined hundreds of others at a service in the city yesterday to mark the 30th anniversary of the terrorist attacks, the Sinn Fein president, Gerry
Blair Visits Sudan British Prime Minister Tony Blair warned Sudan on Wednesday the international community would not rest until violence was ended in Darfur and a comprehensive peace deal was struck across the whole country.
GOP Assails Kerry As Convention Begins NEW YORK - Republicans belittled Democratic Sen. John Kerry as a shift-in-the-wind campaigner unworthy of the White House on Monday at the opening of their national convention, lavishing praise on President Bush as a steady, decisive leader in an age of terrorism...
Leland task: find bright coach cheap STANFORD -- What they #39;re looking for again at Stanford is a football coach who #39;s worth keeping but also a football coach who isn #39;t worth more to someone else.
He's Got Games Bing Gordon is 53, happily married, two daughters. In other words, he is not what you expect when imagining the hard-core computer gamer who's awake at 3 a.m., living it up on Earth   Beyond, an online role-playing sci-fi galaxy reminiscent of the Final Frontier. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Australian Official Travels to Iraq (AP) AP - Defense Minister Robert Hill traveled to Iraq Saturday to meet with some of the 900 soldiers Australia has stationed there as part of the U.S.-led coalition, the ministry said.
US Study Says Sage Grouse Not Endangered The US Fish and Wildlife Service said on Friday its senior biologists have recommended that the greater sage grouse not be listed as an endangered species, a finding for
IRS Chief Pleads for Bigger Budget Internal Revenue Commissioner Mark W. Everson called on Congress yesterday to boost the agency #39;s funding by the full \$500 million requested by President Bush, calling it a way to help shave the record federal budget deficit.
Marvel 3Q Profit Falls but Sales Surge Toy company Marvel Enterprises Inc. on Thursday blamed a sharp drop in third-quarter profit on a tax swing in the period, but the company still beat Wall Street expectations as sales and license fees soared from sales of Spider-Man merchandise.
CherryOS Not BS, Author Says The author of the controversial CherryOS, an emulator that allows Windows to run Mac OS X, insists the software is not a scam, and any similarity to PearPC is coincidental. We'll soon see: He promises a free demo later this week. By Leander Kahney.
Logan may benefit from fewer O #39;Hare flights WASHINGTON -- Flight reductions by 16 major airlines serving O #39;Hare International Airport -- the result of two weeks of talks with the Transportation Department to alleviate traffic at the ...
Baseball rejects DC plan Major League Baseball is poised to cancel the move of the Montreal Expos to Washington after the District of Columbia Council Tuesday night amended the agreement for a riverfront stadium by requiring 50 percent private financing.
Treasuries Lower on Jobless Drop (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices cut early\gains but remained narrowly higher after the government said\that new claims for jobless insurance fell in the latest week.
Palestinians believe they can build Arab world #39;s first democracy Freed from Yasser Arafat #39;s one-man rule, Palestinians say they are eager and able to build the first real democracy in the Arab world, despite the dangers lurking on the road to Jan. 9 elections.
Sharapova, Venus Struggle to Win at Open (AP) AP - Maria Sharapova zinged shots so sharply against Jelena Jankovic, many fans at Louis Armstrong Stadium left their seats early in hopes of finding a more competitive match. They missed seeing things get kind of interesting at the U.S. Open.
Musharraf takes Blair into confidence LONDON: President General Pervez Musharraf has succeeded in persuading British Prime Minister Tony Blair about the severity of Kashmir and Palestine disputes.
UK ITunes Prices Questioned LONDON -- Apple Computer #39;s three-month-old European iTunes service came under attack Wednesday from Britain #39;s Consumers #39; Association, which asked the Office of Fair Trading, a business watchdog, to investigate why the service #39;s prices are higher than
Nortel to Cut 3,500 Jobs to Boost Profits  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt;  earned stock market applause on Thursday as it slashed more  jobs, released on-target profit estimates, and took steps to  clean up its accounting mess.
AutoZone Earnings Are Flat Autozone #39;s (AZO:NYSE - news - research) first-quarter sales and earnings were virtually unchanged from a year ago, held back by higher fuel prices that made car owners skittish.
iTunes under fire over UK pricing Apple Computer Corp is charging its British iTunes customers 17 percent more per download than its European customers, a consumer watchdog group has said.
Wife tried to sway judge As the consummate  quot;corporate wife, quot; Denise Foderaro backed Frank Quattrone as he climbed the rungs to the pinnacle of Wall Street.
Pigeons 'sense magnetic field' Homing pigeons use the Earth's magnetic field to navigate their way home over long distances, scientists claim.
Softbank to acquire C amp;W IDC Softbank Corp. said Tuesday it will acquire Cable  amp; Wireless IDC Inc., a Japanese unit of British telecommunications firm Cable  amp; Wireless PLC, for 12.
Children's Place to Buy Disney Stores  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Children's Place Retail Stores Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PLCE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PLCE.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday it will buy 313 retail stores from  Walt Disney Co., and its stock rose more than 14 percent in  early morning trade.
Oil Eases as Funds Take Profits (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices eased on Monday as\speculative funds continued to take profits but a tight global\supply picture stopped the selling from gaining much momentum.
Small market reality arrives Washington is the nation #39;s eighth largest media market, but for baseball #39;s purposes in 2005, it is Kansas City, Milwaukee or even Montreal.
South Korea #39;s LG to file suit to nullify Matsushita PDP patents in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL : South Korea #39;s LG Electronics will take action in a Japanese court to nullify patents on display panel technology held by Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.
Chechnya marks 'special' birthday The authorities in war-torn Chechnya announce cash gifts for boys born on the slain leader's birthday.
Kewell, Viduka in Australian squad for Oceania soccer final Australian coach Frank Farina has named English Premier League players Harry Kewell and Mark Viduka in his final 20-man soccer squad to play the Solomon Islands in the home-and-away Oceania Nations Cup final series.
China warns rising energy prices to lead to more inflation in 2005 BEIJING : Rising energy and raw material prices are pressuring inflation and will push up the consumer price index next year, state press cited the country #39;s top statistician as saying.
No great miracle here What is left of this interesting and repulsive week after the dust settles is not the lies, the ostensibly sudden betrayals, the payments to the ultra-Orthodox, the sleazy style, or even Ehud Barak #39;s horror show or Shimon Peres #39; maneuvers.
Weather holds key to England #39;s chances England will return to the Rose Bowl this morning hoping to find Hampshire #39;s delightful new ground bathed in sunshine, or in the middle of a deluge.
Sony drops Copy-Control The message against illegally copying CDs for uses such as in file-sharing over the Internet has widely sunk in, said the company in it #39;s recent announcement to drop the Copy-Control program.
Newcastle meets Sporting Lisbon LONDON -- Italian hopefuls Lazio will take on Villarreal, Newcastle United faces Sporting Lisbon and two former winners will meet when Schalke 04 plays Feyenoord after Tuesday #39;s draw for the group stage of the UEFA Cup.
Total recall for IBM ThinkPad adapters IBM has recalled 553,000 ThinkPad AC power adapters after receiving reports that some have overheated, melting the adapter housing and charring the circuit board inside.
Bangladesh Awakes in Shock as Blast Toll Hits 16 (Reuters) Reuters - Extra armed police patrolled the streets\of the Bangladeshi capital and traffic was light on Sunday, a\working day, as shocked Bangladeshis woke up to the aftermath\of grenade blasts that killed at least 16 people.
Ireland first country to crack down on modem hijacking Ireland has become the first country to cut off direct-dialled calls to entire countries in a bid to crack down on Internet-based fraud.
Amgen 3Q Profit Falls on Acquisition Amgen Inc., the country #39;s largest biotechnology company, said Wednesday that third-quarter profit fell sharply because of charges related to the acquisition of Tularik Inc.
Rovers get another headache A FIRST goal for Charlton from Moroccan defender Tala El Karkouri saw them preserve their unbeaten Premiership home record as they beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0.
Pentium M may support location-based services in 2006 Mobile computers could provide customized information or perform specialized functions based on their changing locations.
New brands boost Kohl #39;s bottom line CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Kohl #39;s Corp. posted a 19 percent jump in quarterly profits, powered by sales of new lines of merchandise. Free!
Poland should withdraw troops from Iraq by end of next year &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Poland should withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of next year, Polish leaders said Monday, the first time the key US ally has indicated
Phelps On Relay Team Michael Phelps is named to the 4x100-meter freestyle relay team that will compete in Sunday's final, keeping alive his quest for a possible eight Olympic gold medals.
Wanted: a more realistic Myanmar policy It is now more than obvious that developments in Myanmar have taken a sad turn. The harden- ing of the junta #39;s position does not augur well for future United Nations involvement.
Hotel workers on the verge of striking Hotel workers at 14 DC hotels are preparing to strike after talks over a new contract broke down last night. Union officials said hotel management walked out of contract
IBM supercomputer sets world speed record An IBM machine has reclaimed the title of world #39;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a Japanese computer that had caused shock waves at US government agencies when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
Guantanamo witnesses barred Guantanamo inmates cannot appear as witnesses at the trial of 9/11 suspect Zacarias Moussaoui.
Nvidia aims to take lead in K8 chipset market with nForce 4 MCP With its recent introduction of the PCIe-enabled Nvidia nForce4 media and communication processors (MCP) for Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) processors, Nvidia expects to extend its lead against other chipmakers for the worlds K8 chipset market, said Drew
BA launches inquiry The chief executive of British Airways, Rod Eddington, says he will carry out an investigation into the staff shortages that caused flight cancellations this week.
Roethlisberger, Vilma See Early Successes (AP) AP - Rookie quarterbacks don't have immediate success in the NFL. Neither do first-year middle linebackers. The positions simply are too complicated and too critical, and coaches won't trust them to the novice.
World Airways soars on raised forecast PEACHTREE CITY, Ga. - The stock of World Airways Inc., which flies charter aircraft, took off Wednesday after the company raised its profit forecast citing strong revenue from an Air Force contract and additional commercial bookings.
Egypt arrests Sinai bomb suspects Five Egyptians have been arrested on charges of plotting a series of simultaneous bomb blasts in Red Sea resorts earlier this month.
European Shares Flat as Euro Keeps Up Run  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets held near  28-month highs Thursday as investors stayed confident in the  ability of firms to continue boosting profits in the face of  the euro's extended push past \$1.30 to all-time highs.
Microsoft Releases Low-Cost Windows XP for India a pilot program targeting first-time and beginning computer users -- comes on the heels of a similar customized version for Russia.
Investors Stirred, Not Shaken by China (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. investors, spooked early on\Thursday by fears that China's first interest rate hike in\nearly a decade would cool the country's booming economy,\recovered their nerve in midday trading on the view that any\threat to American manufacturers would be short-lived.
Field #39;s new owners put leadership team in place Marshall Field #39;s department stores will soon have both a new president and a chairman to replace the former leader who reaped a big profit from selling her stock.
United wants out United Airlines told a federal bankruptcy court it likely would have to terminate its employee pension plans and replace them with leaner retirement benefits in order to survive.
Rooney double helps Man Utd stay alive Wayne Rooney scored twice to keep alive Manchester United #39;s fading hopes of winning the Premiership. Alan Shearer and Patrick Kluivert went close for Newcastle before Rooney volleyed home Darren Fletcher #39;s cross.
Seven to be charged with terrorism over killing of filmmaker (AFP) AFP - Seven people close to Islamic groups in the Netherlands are to be charged with terrorist-related activities over the murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh, the Amsterdam public prosecutor revealed.
Trump #39;s Casino Business Files for Bankruptcy The casino empire of Donald J. Trump has filed for bankruptcy protection after months of negotiations with bondholders over restructuring a crushing debt.
E*Trade Profit Rises as Expenses Drop (Reuters) Reuters - E*Trade Financial Corp. , an\online bank and brokerage, on Monday said its third-quarter\profit rose as lower expenses offset a drop in net revenue.
Singh breaks Woods #39; single-year money record with third straight &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Singh broke the PGA Tour single-year money record Woods set while winning three majors in 2000, holding off Stewart Cink to win the 84 Lumber Classic by one shot Sunday for his third consecutive victory.
UN Nuclear Chief Wins S.Korean Cooperation Pledge  SEOUL (Reuters) - Top international nuclear regulator  Mohamed ElBaradei won a pledge from South Korea on Monday to  cooperate with the U.N. watchdog in the run-up to a report that  Seoul hopes will lift suspicions of clandestine atomic  activities.
Automaker Invests US\$210 in Mexican Plant German-American auto maker DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it will invest US\$210 million (euro168 million) to update an assembly plant in the northern Mexican state of Coahuila.
Midway Developing Mature-Rated Football Video Game &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Midway Games Inc. plans to publish\a "mature"-rated pro football video game with the kinds of\violence and excess shunned by the National Football League,\the company said on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Thatcher financed coup plot, claims business partner PRESSURE is mounting on Mark Thatcher after an accusation by one of his business associates that he played a role in the Equatorial Guinea coup plot.
Update 1: Kodak Sees Digital Expansion in Future Eastman Kodak Co., in the midst of its strengthening its position in digital imaging, Wednesday said it now expects sales of digital products and services to increase by about 36 percent between 2003 and 2007.
Olympians Gatlin, Hayes Earn Jesse Owens Awards PORTLAND, Ore. -- Olympic medalists Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes Monday were named the winners of the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards by USA Track  amp; Field.
Nude Photo Publisher Perfect 10 Sues Google A California-based pornographer said on Monday it has sued Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , alleging that its leading Internet search engines are
Nigerians Go Ahead With Nationwide Strike (AP) AP - A nationwide strike to protest fuel price hikes shut down Nigeria's commercial capital on Monday, emptying the streets of most traffic except soldiers and anti-riot police in armored vehicles.
Shell to become one company, scrap dual boards LONDON : Royal Dutch/Shell announced radical plans to merge its separate holding companies in an overhaul of its corporate governance structures after a review triggered by its oil reserves scandal.
Lewis: Player Spit On Coach Marvin Lewis says one of his Cincinnati Bengals was spit on during a 17-10 victory over the Redskins, and he hopes the NFL does something to crack down.
Death deluge makes forest mulch The sudden boost trillions of cicadas dying en masse give to North American forest soils is apparent from a new study.
Some Officials Seeking Shift From Pensions Some California officials are proposing that the state get out of the pension business and give state and municipal workers a 401(k) plan instead.
Boston offense sox A #39;s again The 7-1 loss cuts Oakland #39;s AL West lead to 1 1/2 games and thrills the Red Sox faithful. By Tim Casey -- Bee Staff Writer. It #39;s not too late to get into a Fantasy Sports League.
Peace in Straits hard to achieve, but essential When the leaders of the People #39;s Republic of China insist that the pre-condition for the peaceful resolution of the decades-long face-off across the Taiwan Strait can only be  quot;one China, quot; they are making it quite clear that  quot;unification, quot; and not peace
Economy Adds 144K Jobs in August America's payrolls picked up in August, with the economy adding 144,000 jobs, slightly less than economists were forecasting and highlighting the slow and uneven recovery in the labor market that jobseekers have braved.
Phelps to Forgo Final Race of Olympics ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps is done for the Olympics. Shortly after winning his fifth gold medal and seventh overall, Phelps told U.S...
An Artist's Junkyard of Dreams To first-time viewers, the 50-foot-high Forevertron might look like nothing more than 320 tons of towering scrap metal. But its creator says it's also an antigravity machine designed to propel him to the heavens. Michelle Delio reports from Prairie du Sac, Wisconsin.
Hungary to remove its troops from Iraq BERLIN Hungary announced Wednesday that it would withdraw its 300 troops from Iraq, becoming the latest country in the 32-member US-led coalition to bow to public pressure and prepare to bring its soldiers home.
Microsoft Patches Critical XP Firewall Flaw (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has released a patch for a potentially serious configuration flaw in the firewall that ships with the company's Windows XP Service Pack 2.
Firefox Browser Takes Market Share From Microsoft's IE (TechWeb) TechWeb - Although Microsoft has nearly 90 of the browser market, its share is down a full five points since May of this year. Mozilla Firefox is doing the damage, with 5.6 million copies downloaded in the last two weeks.
Japan Unable to Contact Kidnappers to Negotiate, Koizumi Says Japan has made little progress contacting the kidnappers of one of its citizens or determining where the man is being held, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said.
Carotid stent gets FDA approval A new era in stroke prevention gained momentum Tuesday with government approval of a new treatment that clears blocked arteries supplying the brain without major surgery.
Cardinals Lose King Cardinals defensive tackle Kenny King will miss the season after undergoing surgery to repair tendons in his wrist on Wednesday.
Aussies face Cuba in final Brendan Kingman's sixth-inning RBI single sent Australia to a stunning 1-0 victory yesterday over Japan, putting the Aussies in today's gold medal game against Cuba.
'Westerners' killed in north Iraq At least three Westerners have been killed by insurgents in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, local police say.
Slowdown in growth caps worst week for the Euro-zone ACROSS the Euro-zone last week there were tell-tale signs of panic setting in. To the evident worries of the euro being forced to further record highs against the dollar, were added grim evidence by the weekend of a sharp economic slowdown.
Can Thunderbird ride the Firefox wave? The Mozilla Foundation is back at it. Following its recent launch of its Firefox 1.0 browser that ignited heavy interest, the organization this week launched the Thunderbird open-source e-mail client.
A Bright Money-Saving Idea WEST ORANGE, NJ-October 12, 2004 - If you #39;re looking to do some home improvements, officials want you to see how you can save money too.
Fox hunt protest turns violent LONDON -- In the second major security breach in London this week, five fox hunting enthusiasts stormed onto the floor of the House of Commons yesterday to disrupt a debate on banning the centuries-old sport.
Ancient tomb discovered on Giza pyramids site Egypt #39;s antiquities chief on Thursday revealed a 2,500-year-old hidden tomb under the shadow of one of Giza #39;s three giant pyramids, containing 400 pinkie-finger-sized statues and six coffin-sized niches carved into granite rock.
WTO confirms big trade powers EU, US must dismantle cotton, sugar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The World Trade Organisation confirmed two separate rulings Wednesday outlawing farm subsidies paid by the United States to cotton farmers and by the European Union to its sugar producers.
Florida Asks Why So Many Hurricanes This Year Sept. 10, 2004 - One has to go all the way back to 1964 to find a year when Florida had three major hurricanes. Lyndon B. Johnson was in the White House.
Suicide Bomber Kills Two in Jerusalem JERUSALEM - A missile from an Israeli helicopter wounded 12 in a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza early Thursday after a teenager from the West Bank evaded roadblocks and blew herself up next to a busy Jerusalem bus stop, killing two policemen.    To carry out the Wednesday suicide attack - the first in Jerusalem in seven months but the second in Israel in three weeks - the 19-year-old overcame a strict military closure of the West Bank imposed for a series of Jewish holidays that began last week...
Brunell Gets Some Work Quarterback Mark Brunell practiced Friday for the first time this week, taking about a third of the snaps on his strained hamstring to keep alive his chances of playing Monday night.
Trailing by 16 points no problem for Rattay SAN FRANCISCO - Tim Rattay #39;s winless 49ers faced a 16-point deficit with five minutes left. His top two receivers were hurting, and the opposing defense had not allowed a touchdown in 13 quarters.
Football: Juve doctor convicted A doctor is convicted of administering banned drugs to Juventus players in the 1990s.
Appeals Court Doubt Tobacco Penalty  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A divided U.S. federal appeals court  panel on Wednesday expressed skepticism about whether the  government had the authority to force cigarette makers to pay  billions of dollars in past profits as part of its racketeering  case against the industry.
At least 13 killed in Gaza City blasts Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training camp in Gaza today, killing at least 13 Palestinians and wounding 25, officials from both sides said.
Cricket: Sri Lanka extend lead to 164 runs against Pakistan FAISALABAD, Pakistan : Sri Lanka extended their lead to 164 runs against Pakistan on the back of an unbeaten half century by Sanath Jayasuriya on the third day of the first Test at Iqbal stadium here.
Caution in Court for Gay Rights Groups Gay rights groups plan to limit challenges to constitutional amendments banning gay marriage that 11 states passed last week.
Study Links Glaciers, Warmer Waters Description: New evidence is reported that rising global temperatures could have rapid effects on the Antarctic ice pack and on ocean levels.
Cursed either way R everse the Curse ice cream has been the best-selling new flavor in the history of Brighams, a Boston-area ice-cream chain. Now, the ice cream, introduced last spring, is in danger of becoming obsolete.
5,000 Alitalia jobs may be slashed Alitalia, Italy #39;s largest airline, said it plans to cut 5,000 jobs, or about a quarter of its regular work force, and split into two companies to save \$1.
BA plane in emergency Amsterdam landing A British Airways flight was today forced to make an unscheduled landing in Amsterdam, accompanied by Dutch fighter jets, after a  quot;specific threat quot; was reported.
HP to manage IT for Finnish energy giant Finnish energy giant Fortum Corp. has signed a five-year agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) to manage its IT infrastructure and support about 10,000 users across Europe.
Citigroup, Parmalat Brawl Over Billions  MILAN (Reuters) - Citigroup launched a legal challenge  against Parmalat's restructuring plan on Friday, hitting back  after the insolvent food group rejected its claims for credit  repayment and sued the bank for damages.
Snow: Cutting Budget Deficit Top Priority  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow said  on Wednesday that cutting a record budget deficit was a top  priority for the second-term Bush administration and challenged  Europe to play its part in helping trim the U.S. trade gap by  boosting its own economic growth.
Radvision Gets Deal for Partner's 3G Video Trial  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israel's Radvision &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RVSN.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RVSN.O&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RVSN.TA qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RVSN.TA&lt;/A&gt;  said on Monday its video services platform has been chosen by  mobile phone operator Partner Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=PTNR.TA qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;PTNR.TA&lt;/A&gt; as a  core part of its third-generation video services trial.
Back at it The 49ers returned to the practice field Monday morning, and linebacker Derek Smith was there with them. That alone is very good news for a defense that also could have right end Andre Carter back in action
TiVo Pop-Up Ads Raise Consumer Concerns (AP) AP - Digital video recording pioneer TiVo Inc. has long promised "TV Your Way." But the company's plans for pop-up ads and restrictions on copying have sparked worries that the service may be eroding consumer control in favor of Hollywood and advertiser interests.
Security Chief: Iran Will Help Bring Iraqi Stability 30 August 2004 -- Iran #39;s security chief, Hasan Rowhani, has assured visiting Iraqi officials that his country is committed to cooperating on establishing security in Iraq.
Challenges Persist Over Software Licensing Software industry executives gathered at the SoftSummit conference are told to expect struggles over the next few years as they evolve their licensing models to contend with an expanding assortment of emerging market pressures.
Malaysian rebel Anwar in Munich for back treatment Malaysian rebel politician Anwar Ibrahim arrived in the southern German city of Munich on Sunday for medical treatment, saying he was happy to be in the Bavarian capital after nearly six years in jail.
Turnover Helps Colts Derail Packers 45-31 INDIANAPOLIS - Peyton Manning and Brett Favre lived up to their superstar reputations, throwing nine touchdown passes between them. Still, it took a defensive play for the Indianapolis Colts to finally clinch their 45-31 win over the Green Bay Packers on Sunday...
Coloradans Vote to Embrace Alternative Sources of Energy Colorado voters approved a proposal this month mandating that 10 percent of the state's electricity must come from wind and solar power by 2015.
Beckenbauer warns about youth vs experience MUNICH - Former German football great Franz Beckenbauer has warned national team coach Juergen Klinsmann against fielding too many young players at the expense of experience.
Vioxx woes put FDA process under scrutiny Americans should feel reasonably safe taking government-approved prescription drugs - with a few caveats - even after a popular arthritis medication was pulled from the market, medical experts say.
US House Passes Anti-Spyware Bill WASHINGTONThe US House of Representatives on Thursday overwhelmingly passed a bill that would make spyware illegaland provide stiff sanctions for anyone found breaking that law.
Last Alpha chip to arrive on Monday HP IS TO release the final Alpha processor on Monday bringing to an end the chip that had a cult following for the last 14 years.
Schwab pays fine to settle allegations of improper trades CHICAGO _ Discount brokerage Charles Schwab Corp. on Tuesday settled regulators #39; allegations that it allowed scores of improper mutual fund trades, agreeing to pay a \$350,000 fine.
An open letter to the Linux community from PalmSource The following is a verbatim copy of a open letter to the Linux community issued by PalmSource. Read on for more information about the new acquisition and FAQs about how PalmSource will use the new resources and the new Palm OS Cobalt version of Linux.
Shocked Japanese sent scrambling as earthquakes inflict heavy toll OJIYA, Japan, Oct 24 (AFP) - Overturned cars, crumbled homes and shattered roads greeted rescue workers Sunday after Japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in almost a decade stunned residents used to bearing through the nation #39;s frequent tremors.
Supreme Court sidesteps credit card dispute MasterCard and Visa no longer can block banks from issuing credit cards from competitors after the Supreme Court declined to hear their appeal Monday.
FDA Chief Counsel Daniel Troy Resigns (AP) AP - Daniel E. Troy, chief counsel for the Food and Drug Administration, resigned Tuesday with plans to return to the private sector.
Report: Linux Gathering Pace, Moving  quot;From Niche to Mainstream quot;  quot;When all manifestations of Linux operating systems are counted, Linux is clearly a mainstream solution, quot; said Vernon Turner, group vice president and general manager of Enterprise Computing research at IDC, as an IDC Linux market share and forecast study
Sony MP3 Players Finally Debut Sony has launched two portable digital audio players that for the first time support the MP3 file format, other than its Atrac file format.
Chechen pair held over journalist #39;s murder MOSCOW: Police have arrested two Chechen suspects in connection with the murder of journalist Paul Klebnikov, the editor of Forbes magazine #39;s Russian edition, who was shot in an apparent contract killing in July.
Blogger father resigns from Google Search company Google Inc. has lost the services of Evan Williams, father of the Blogger Web logging service.
Funds have front-row seats at great pharmaceutical debate Who'sgot money riding on the outcome of the great pharmaceuticals debate? You and I do, if we have our retirement accounts invested in any of the hordes of mutual funds that own shares of Pfizer Inc. , Eli Lilly  amp; Co., Schering-Plough Corp. , and other titans of the medication trade.
Cabinet Clears Ordinance To Repeal POTA New Delhi, Sept. 17 (NNN): The Union Cabinet on Friday morning cleared the ordinance to repeal the controversial anti-terror law, the Prevention of Terrorism Act(POTA).
FOOTBALL: MOURINHO: BEAT BARCA? NOU PROBLEM JOSE MOURINHO last night promised Barcelona that as far as football is concerned, his side can prove that size doesn #39;t matter.
Backyard Fall: Pitt Bests WVU, 16-13 Pittsburgh quarterback Tyler Palko struggled all night through the air, but fortunately for the Panthers, he came through on the ground.
Shareholders the losers, report charges When Hollinger International bosses Conrad Black and David Radler were selling the company #39;s Canadian newspapers - including the National Post -our years ago, they put more effort into lining their own pockets than getting a good price for the papers
BC, Maine: Chosen two The Boston College and University of Maine men's hockey teams made up half of last season's Frozen Four, and at least in the pollsters' eyes, they're good bets to make it back there.
Pitt headed for Tempe to play Utah in Fiesta Bowl Pittsburgh head coach Walt Harris shared a story Sunday night after accepting a BCS Bowl Invitation on national television to play in the Fiesta Bowl on New Years Day against undefeated Utah.
Guardian panel Nobody is quaking The Guardian panel, broadly representative of people across Britain, was established in the run-up to the last general election. In 2001 most of the respondents, after some reservations, backed Labour.
Blue-chip downgrades, higher oil prices pressure stocks By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Stocks were mixed Monday as investors reacted to modestly higher oil prices.
Country Music-Suicide Link Tops IgNobel Awards (Reuters) Reuters - Researchers who found a link between\country music and suicide, and a man who patented his combover\hairstyle won IgNobel Awards for true but funny experiments on\Thursday.
Mexico's Fox Vows Justice in Mob Slayings (AP) AP - President Vicente Fox on Monday promised the relatives of a federal police officer burned alive by an angry mob that he would ensure those responsible for the killing are punished and that police authorities who failed to come to his aid would be investigated.
Pennsylvania Turnpike workers go on strike Toll collectors and other Pennsylvania Turnpike workers went on strike Wednesday, union officials said. The strike began in the pre-dawn hours of the day before Thanksgiving, one of the busiest travel days of the year.
Doping Casts Shadow Over Olympics -- Again ATHENS (Reuters) - Doping cast its sleazy shadow over the Olympics again when it was announced on Thursday that five weightlifters had tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
Yum Profit Up, Raises View Yum Brands Inc. (YUM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 13 percent and raised its profit forecast for the year as strong sales at its fast-food chains helped offset a run-up in commodity costs.
Dealings With Putin Discussed  The political crisis in Ukraine has touched off a fresh debate inside the White House and foreign policy offices over how President Bush should handle Russian President Vladimir Putin's increasingly authoritarian rule at home and assertive presence abroad, according to administration officials.
Fresh ISS Crew Sees 'Pleasant' Trip Despite Glitch (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S.-Russian space\crew due to blast off Thursday say they expect six "pleasant"\months in orbit, despite a technical glitch that has twice\delayed the launch.
Jaguar to Cut Output Amid Slack Demand  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - British carmaker Jaguar will cut  production by some 15,000 units over the rest of 2004 amid  slack demand, a Jaguar spokesman said on Friday.
Auditors Face Trial in Parmalat Fraud (Reuters) Reuters - A judge launched court hearings into the\ #36;17.2 billion collapse of Parmalat on Tuesday and immediately\ruled that the first two of the 32 accused in one of Europe's\biggest fraud cases would stand trial.
Charges are reduced for one Abu Ghraib defendant MANNHEIM, Germany Charges were reduced Wednesday against a US military policewoman accused in the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal.
Japan Schools Tracking Students by Radio (AP) AP - Cutting class just got harder but schools are safer thanks to computer chips that help track students, Japanese officials say.
Seattle returns home after two huge road wins The road no longer looks so long to the Seattle Seahawks after wins on consecutive cross-country trips on which they logged nearly 10,000 miles.
ECB and Britain leave rates alone despite inflation fears The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at two per cent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-country euro zone may be sputtering.
Mets Thump Dodgers Gerald Williams singled twice in a six-run first inning and the Mets broke out of their offensive funk in a big way.
Diaz Ends the Year on a Strong Note (AP) AP - Now that Laura Diaz is starting to see progress, the LPGA Tour season is about to end. But at least she gets one more week, which is all she wanted.
U.S. Forgives  #36;4.1 Billion in Iraq Debt (AP) AP - The United States on Friday completely forgave  #36;4.1 billion in debt Iraq owed it and urged other nations not part of an international debt relief agreement to follow suit.
Pirates end Phillies #39; postseason hopes Ty Wigginton hit a two-run homer and Oliver Perez pitched 6 2-3 strong innings, helping the Pittsburgh Pirates stop a seven-game road losing streak with a 6-1 victory over
Yahoo Faces New Court Battle over Nazi Items U.S. court says it's a French matter; plaintiff organizations want ban on sale of Nazi memorabilia.
India deserves to be represented in UN Security Council, G-8 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;India with 1.3 billion population ought to be represented in the UN Security Council and involved in the G-8 process, said Tony Blair.
Microsoft Cracks Down on Xbox Changes Game Stop employee Lisa Hargreaves pulls out a stack of games for waiting customers at the University Mall in Davis Calif., at the stroke of midnight Nov. 9, 2004, as fans lined up to get first crack at the \$50 sequel from Microsoft Corp.
Royal Dutch/Shell merges companies Royal Dutch/Shell will merge its Dutch and British holding companies, the oil giant said on Thursday, as it seeks to address the failings that led to a shock downgrade in proven oil reserves in January.
Tax cut shrinks Computer Associates loss NEW YORK -- An income tax benefit narrowed Computer Associates International Inc #39;s loss dramatically in the second quarter. The company reported Wednesday a net loss of \$96 million, or 16 cents per share, but
Study: Revenge is sweet Revenge feels sweet and Swiss researchers are saying they have brain scans to prove it. In a study investigators said might help explain how social norms arose and regulate behaviour, brain centres linked
Nokia makes inroads into Land Rover Company's communication system integrates cell phone functions into Land Rover's "central infotainment display."
Americans Rush to Stores as Holiday Season Starts (Reuters) Reuters - Americans stormed the nation's stores\on the day after Thanksgiving, the traditional start of the key\holiday shopping season, lured by cut-price toys, consumer\electronics and Santa.
CA reportedly set to name new chief LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Computer Associates, the beleaguered maker of corporate software, will tap a longtime IBM executive as its new chief, according to a published report Monday.
UPDATE 1-Bangladesh win toss and field against Windies Bangladesh captain Rajin Saleh won the toss and chose to field in their Champions Trophy Pool B match against West Indies at The Rosebowl in Southampton on Wednesday.
Revenue tops recently raised outlook, up 9 NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- McDonald #39;s Corp. met recently raised expectations for the third quarter Tuesday as the fast-food giant #39;s earnings rose 42 percent, driven by a strong performance turned in by its US operations.
Rayovac to Buy United Industries (Reuters) Reuters - Battery maker Rayovac Corp.  on\Tuesday said it would buy United Industries Corp., a maker of\lawn and garden products, for about  #36;476 million in cash and\stock in a bid to diversify its product mix.
Time to Tackle the Pension Crisis With its \$23 billion shortfall double any previous deficit, the government #39;s Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. needs fixing -- fast.
Apple vs Apple:  #39;mind boggling #39; pay-out imminent - report Apple Corp. and Apple Comp. - aka the Beatles and the maker of the Mac - are reported to be on the verge of ending their legal dispute over the latter #39;s right to operate in the music market.
Harrison signs new \$66 million deal with Colts Harrison agreed to a six-year, \$66 million contract with the team on Wednesday that includes a \$22 million signing bonus, according to a league source who requested anonymity.
O's Oust Head Scout The Orioles announce Monday that they will not bring scouting director Tony DeMacio back after this season, signaling a possible front-office shakeup.
Gold has nice ring to it Andre Ward was the last man standing for the US Olympics boxing team Friday night. Booed by a hostile crowd, confused about the score, running on fumes in the
Yukos faces additional tax claims: Interfax MOSCOW (AFP) - Russia #39;s embattled Yukos oil giant faced additional tax claims after authorities said the firm was suspected of underpaying 6.7 billion dollars for 2002, Interfax reported.
Jones, Lions can run, finally I #39;d write  quot;finally quot; 26 times for each of Kevin Jones #39; carries Sunday, but that would look stupid. After waiting six years for some sign, any sign, that the Lions could run
The technology of ups and downs It #39;s a place where ghouls are immortalised in paint. The queue is always long, even when the weather #39;s grim. The Ghost Train is Luna Park #39;s most popular ride.
Roddick Refuses to Blame Injury for Davis Defeat  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - A vanquished Andy Roddick  refused to blame a groin injury for Sunday's loss to Carlos  Moya which handed the Davis Cup to Spain.
Matsushita Unveils DVD Recorders, Eyes Higher Share (Reuters) Reuters - Panasonic brand products maker Matsushita\Electric Industrial unveiled five new DVD recorders on\Wednesday and said it was aiming to boost its share of the\domestic market to over 40 percent from around 35 percent.
Amnesty China Arrests, Jails Human Rights Defenders  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Human rights defenders face arrest and  torture in China, and the European Union should raise the issue  at a summit with Beijing's leaders this week, Amnesty  International said in a new report Monday.
Silent bells For many of us, it just isn #39;t the holiday season until we see the bright red kettles go up and smiling bell ringers plying their trade outside local merchants.
Basketball: U.S. Cruises Past Angola 89-53  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. men's basketball team got their  first comfortable win at the Olympic basketball tournament  Monday, routing winless Angola 89-53 in their final preliminary  round game.
Orton #39;s Heisman bandwagon is getting rather crowded That was the message Saturday, from a quarterback shootout when two teams gained 873 yards through the air, and 175 on the ground.
United  #39;likely #39; to end pensions For the first time, United Airlines has acknowledged that it is  quot;likely quot; to terminate its pension plans, a move the carrier said it needs to attract financing to emerge from bankruptcy.
Fatah Party Chooses Abbas As Its Candidate (AP) AP - The ruling Fatah party chose Mahmoud Abbas as its candidate to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority in Jan. 9 elections, a Palestinian official said. Abbas, 69, Arafat's longtime deputy as head of the Palestine Liberation Organization, has already been named head of the PLO.
Yen Weighed Down as Oil Prices Hit Highs  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen was feeling the heat on Tuesday  as oil prices scaled new record highs, underlining concerns  about Japan's dependence on imported oil.
UN probe backs Iran nuclear claim Iran has not diverted declared nuclear materials for weapons but concern remains, the UN watchdog says.
U.S. Services Growth Slowed in August Growth in the vast U.S. services sector slowed in August although managers seemed more willing to hire new workers, according to an industry survey published today.
Palestinian firebrand is to run for president from Israeli cell MARWAN BARGHOUTI, the Palestinian leader jailed for life in an Israeli prison, re-emerged as a pivotal figure in Palestinian politics last night when senior Fatah officials
AIG settles over accounting probe The  world's largest insurance group pays \$126m in fines as part of a settlement with US regulators over its dealings with two firms.
Big payday for MarketWatch Dow Jones agrees to buy SF financial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MarketWatch Inc., one of San Francisco #39;s surviving Internet companies, hit a notable online payday Monday, as venerable Dow Jones  amp; Co.
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Lower at Late Morning Tokyo stocks fell Friday morning as investors avoided significant moves ahead of a long weekend. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Apec ministers urge new effort on trade talks SANTIAGO, Chile - Pacific Rim trading nations said today they should pool their influence to breathe new life into talks to free up world trade.
Palestinians Chide U.S. Over Settlements JERUSALEM - Palestinian leaders reacted angrily on Sunday to Washington's apparent readiness to allow construction inside Israeli settlements in the West Bank, warning that it would destroy the peace process.    U.S...
Mixed Results for Bush in Battles Over Judges After more than three years of appointment battles, President Bush's ambitions for the courts are clear, but his record is mixed.
U.S. July Output Up; Factories Run Faster (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. industrial output advanced in\July, as American factories operated at their highest capacity\in more than three years, a Federal Reserve report on Tuesday\showed.
Karzai Looks Set To Win Afghan Presidency 25 October 2004 -- With nearly all the votes counted, Afghan Transitional Administration Chairman Hamid Karzai appears on his way to an outright victory in the initial round of Afghanistan #39;s first-ever direct presidential election.
AstraZeneca shares fall on US drug blow AstraZeneca shares have fallen more than 6 percent after a US medical panel recommended regulators reject its anti-clotting pill Exanta, a key product for the company #39;s future growth.
Rostock coach resigns following debacle Rostock, Germany (Sports Network) - Hansa Rostock coach Juri Schluenz resigned Sunday following a 6-0 loss at home to Hamburg. The loss left Rostock in the basement of the Bundesliga with eight points from 13 matches.
Japanese Cars Tops Fuel Efficiency List (AP) AP - Japanese vehicles dominate the government's annual list of vehicles with the best fuel economy, but Ford Motor Co. can claim the most fuel efficient pickup and sport utility vehicle.
Manning, Colts air out Packers INDIANAPOLIS -- Peyton Manning and Brett Favre threw nine touchdown passes between them and weren't even the heroes.
Colo. Voting Woes Rise As Election Nears (AP) AP - Colorado could end up writing an ugly sequel to the Florida election nightmare of four years ago.
Gators Bemoan Coach Ron Zook's Firing (AP) AP - The decision to fire Florida coach Ron Zook was welcomed by Gator fans around the country. It didn't get the same reception in the locker room.
Trinidad returns for another bonanza There is no title on the line for the meeting of the former world champions Felix  quot;Tito quot; Trinidad and Ricardo Mayorga at New York #39;s Madison Square Garden tonight, but there seems to be genuine enmity between the fighters and a near sell-out crowd is
Mobile picture power in your pocket Exclusive images caught by picture phones are starting to make their way into big headlines.
Microsoft delays SP2 auto update Slowdown will give big companies more time to hunt down compatibility problems, the company says.
GM and Ford SUVs to add safety feature DETROIT -- Electronic anti-rollover systems will become standard equipment on 1.8 million sport-utility vehicles from GM and Ford in 2005, the automakers announced last week.
Borland titanic effort to link software with business need Borland Software Corp. has laid-out a product roadmap and strategy to better align customers #39; Application Lifecycle Management processes with their changing business needs, helping deliver what it called  quot;Enterprise Resource Planning quot; for software.
Ryanair launches routes from Italy Ryanair will fly to seven new destinations from Italy #39;s Orio al Serio airport as of next year and is to increase the number of aircraft based there, Europe #39;s biggest low-cost airline says.
Court Deals Blow to Anti-Piracy Efforts  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies, ruling that several major  online file-sharing software companies are not liable for  copyright infringement.
China, Singapore Say World Must Help Calm Taiwan Row  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China and Singapore on Monday  urged the international community to help calm Beijing's  dispute with Taiwan over its push for independence.
Red Sox and Angels Share Little, and a Lot The Red Sox and the Angels believe they can beat each other in a three-of-five-game division series and perhaps get one more shot at ... the Yankees.
Getting Out Of Biotech's Second Tier If you added all the biotech activity that industry executives and local officials across the country have forecast for the next decade, my guess is the industry would be roughly the size of the Chinese economy.
CNNfn going off the air CNN has reported plans to shut down its CNNfn network in mid-December, cutting 60 jobs in the process. Some of the financial news network #39;s programming will shift over to CNN.
Smog linked to increase in deaths An increase in smog sparks a small but measurable increase in deaths, scientists report Wednesday in a study showing the strongest link yet between smog and damage to health.
Ailing Arafat Heads to Paris for Treatment Description: A French plane departs Amman, Jordan, carrying Palestinian President Yasser Arafat to Paris for urgent medical treatment.
Cards' Eldred Likes Relief Pitching Role (AP) AP - Over time, Cal Eldred has learned to embrace the bullpen.
IBM Expands RFID Offerings (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has unveiled a collection of new services designed to bring the benefits of radio-frequency identification (RFID) systems to industrial firms and mid-size businesses. The goal is to help smaller companies comply with mandates to adopt the technology by \Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT), the Department of Defense and other organizations.
Toshiba to Launch HD DVD Notebook PCs in Q4 2005  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Toshiba Corp. said on Wednesday  it would introduce notebook computers with HD DVD technology in  the last quarter of 2005 in a move to pressure rivals in the  battle over formats for next-generation DVDs.
Senate Confirms Rep. Goss as Intelligence Director (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Senate voted overwhelmingly yesterday to confirm Rep. Porter J. Goss (R-Fla.) as the new head of the CIA, brushing aside complaints from some Democrats that he is too partisan and insufficiently interested in reform to head the embattled agency.
Diamondbacks Fire New Manager Backman (AP) AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday fired Wally Backman, just four days after naming him their new manager.
IBM Code for Speech Software To Be Open After decades of research and development, speech recognition is finally moving toward mainstream use. Advances in statistical modeling, pattern matching algorithms and processing power have
IE Gets Spanked By Firefox Microsoft continues to take its browser dominance for granted, and it #39;s starting to get spanked as a result. The market share of Internet Explorer has been slipping since June, and the latest figures show that the decline continues.
United asks court to impose pay cut Union workers may face a 23 percent slash in pay; United says it needs cash reserves. United Airways asked a bankruptcy judge to impose a 23 percent pay cut on its union workers, including pilots and attendants.
FDA Criticizes Viagra Ads, Prompting Pfizer to Halt Them New advertising for Viagra that depicts men who take it as devilish drew criticism from the Food and Drug Administration, leading its maker, Pfizer, to say yesterday that it would discontinue the campaign.
Van Faasen tops in pay; Baker sees big leap William C. Van Faasen, chief executive of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts, earned \$2.4 million last year, once again making him far and away the highest paid head of any of the state's big health insurers.
Sun Thumper server plans leaked to &lt;cite&gt;The Reg&lt;/cite&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Opteron is go go go
Manmohan Singh greets Than Shwe at Rashtrapati Bhavan on Monday. &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; New Delhi, Oct. 25: Visiting Myanmar military ruler Senior General Than Shwe today told his hosts his country will not allow its soil to be used by Northeast insurgents against Indian interests.
Major glory, maybe,but major gains? No.  Phones across Boston went down yesterday when World Series tickets went on sale. Hotel rooms are already so scarce that Major League Baseball booked rooms at a dozen hotels to come up with the 800 it needs.
Honda raises forecast on strong demand Honda Motor Co., Japans third-biggest car maker, reported a 9.2 percent rise in quarterly operating profit thanks to improved domestic and Asian sales and raised its full-year forecast by 7 percent.
I don #39;t deserve to die: Briton #39;s plea to Blair Britain yesterday ruled out negotiating with the abductors of a Briton in Iraq, despite a desperate plea for help from the hostage.
Views of Titan hint at frozen volcanoes and methane lakes NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft has spotted what may be icy volcanic flows and a large lake of oily liquid on Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan, scientists said Thursday.
Entreprenuer.com Partners with IndustryBrains for Sponsored Links Entreprenuer.com Partners with IndustryBrains for Sponsored Links\\IndustryBrains, which focuses on site specific contextual Pay-Per-Click advertising programs, announced that it has partnered with Entrepreneur Media, Inc. to provide its content-targeted sponsored links on Entrepreneur.com and SmallBizSearch.com, two of the most respected online resources for business owners and partners.\\IndustryBrains will provide its ...
Phelps on Track for Sixth Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps, one more Olympic title  to the good, aims to hoist his gold medal tally to five when he  takes on fellow American Ian Crocker in the 100 meters  butterfly final on Friday.
St. Helens is fast growing its new top While on most late fall days the clouds obscure new growth, the meters on the mountain don #39;t lie: Mount St. Helens continues to build a new mountaintop at a rapid rate.
Paul Hamm #39;s example PAUL HAMM #39;S fall and rise are what make the Olympics so much more than a sports event. The US gymnast who spun despair into gold on Wednesday gives hope to the whole human endeavor by defusing the word  quot;loser. quot; ...
Reuters moves to sell Instinet Reuters, the media and information group, is understood to have appointed investment bankers to explore the sale of Instinet, its American electronic stock trading business.
Update 6: Prosecutor Says Enron Cheated, Lied An alleged side deal that wiped out the legitimacy of Enron Corp. #39;s sale of equity in three barges to Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. in late 1999 lies at the heart of the first criminal trial to emerge from the bankrupt energy company #39;s scandal.
Woodwork leaves Sicilian derby goalless The first Serie A derby between two Sicilian teams in nearly 40 years ended goalless on Thursday as Messina were held at home to Palermo.
Jury selection underway in Kobe Bryant Case NBA basketball star Kobe Bryant returns to court in Eagle County Monday for the first full days of questioning of the potential jurors in the case.
United Reaches Final After 120 minutes of back and forth play ends in a 3-3 tie, goalkeeper Nick Rimando stops a New England penalty kick to seal the victory and propel United into the MLS Cup.
Norwegians to relive Kon-Tiki Polynesia-Peru trip (AFP) AFP - A grandson of Thor Heyerdahl, the Norwegian who 60 years ago sailed from Polynesia to Peru aboard Kon-Tiki, will launch a reenactment of the trip in April 2005 across the Pacific.
Astros Recover From Oswalt's Poor Start (AP) AP - Roy Oswalt was one worry the Houston Astros hadn't counted on against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NL championship series.
After .jpeg it #39;s .doc Security advisory service Secunia said that it has discovered a highly critical vulnerability in Microsoft Word 2000 and 2002 that can be exploited to cause a denial of service attack and compromise a user #39;s system.
UN counts 70,000 dead in Darfur crisis  GENEVA -- At least 70,000 refugees have died since March because of poor conditions in camps in Sudan's Darfur region, and more will die at the same rate unless countries contribute the \$300 million in aid they promised, the UN health agency said yesterday.
Palestinian  #39;collaborator #39; killed: Hamas A Palestinian accused of collaborating with Israel over the assassination of Hamas #39; spiritual leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin in March was killed today, the armed wing of the militant Islamist group said.
Erickson to stay with 49ers After discussing a job opening with the University of Mississippi, San Francisco coach Dennis Erickson said Wednesday he would stay with the 49ers.
Merck appoints committee to review company actions on Vioxx Beleaguered pharmaceutical giant Merck  amp; Co. Inc. has appointed a special committee of board members and a retired federal judge to review the company #39;s actions before it
Man detained after eight teenagers killed in China school knife attack (AFP) AFP - Chinese police have detained a man who they say murdered eight teenagers and injured four others in a school dormitory overnight, state press said.
Notables The Yankees' Alex Rodriguez , who missed Friday night's game with the flu and stayed back at the team hotel yesterday, dropped his appeal of a four-game suspension issued for his involvement in the July 24 brawl at Boston and began serving the penalty. He won't be eligible to play until Thursday at Minnesota.
SIX KILLED AS STORM LASHES FRANCE Hurricane-strength winds have lashed Paris and large areas of northern and eastern France, leaving six dead and cutting power to hundreds of thousands of homes.
Sosa Homers As Cubs Club Pirates 7-2 CHICAGO - Sammy Sosa homered for the first time in more than two weeks and Derrek Lee drove in three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 7-2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Monday night.    Moises Alou and Neifi Perez also homered for the Cubs, who pulled within a half-game of idle San Francisco in the NL wild-card race...
Study shows governments' open-source embrace Dozens of government proposals arise, but never get off the ground.
Haiti Storm Death Toll Soars as Bodies Pile-Up Bodies remained in the streets and in growing piles outside morgues in a Haitian city that has been devastated by floods that have torn apart families and left hungry crowds mobbing truckloads of aid.
Schwab unit to merge 19 branches, launch 54 satellite offices SAN FRANCISCO (Dow Jones/AP) -- Financial services firm Charles Schwab Corp. said its brokerage subsidiary will open 54 satellite offices as part of a change in its retail branch strategy aimed at providing more in-person financial advice.
Kerry faults Bush over Bin Laden John Kerry says President Bush was wrong to pursue Saddam Hussein instead of Osama Bin Laden.
Booker Gives Dolphins Needed Offensive Help (AP) AP - Marty Booker spent Monday meeting new teammates and getting used to his new surroundings.
Japan Finds Another Suspected Mad Cow Case (AP) AP - A Holstein in western Japan tested positive for mad cow disease in a preliminary test conducted Saturday, an official said.
Citigroup buys First American Bank, expands Citibank into Texas BRYAN, Texas Citibank said today that it #39;s expanding into the Texas retail banking market in a big way. New York-based parent company Citigroup says it #39;s buying Bryan-based First American Bank, which has 102 full-service branches throughout Texas.
Space flight pro Young honored for NASA years NASA #39;s most experienced astronaut, John Young, was honored by NASA Tuesday night at the National Air  amp; Space Museum for his 42 years of service as he prepares to retire.
Another bump in Microsoft #39;s Windows roadmap Microsoft Corp has re-stated plans to ship an updated version of Windows Server 2003 next year, but removed a major security component from the planned operating system.
Canadian who leaped into Olympic pays the price for 15 minutes of fame ATHENS (CP) - The Canadian who embarrassed Olympic officials by jumping into a Games swimming pool during a diving competition wearing a skirt and advertising an on-line casino has paid the price for his 15 minutes of fame.
European Stocks Hit 10-Week Peak  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares hit a fresh 10-week high  on Friday as a positive report on Chinese steel demand boosted  ore producers such as Anglo-American, while French utility  Veolia rose after posting solid first-half earnings.
Airbus withdraws support for Microsoft in EU case European aircraft maker Airbus SAS has withdrawn its petition to intervene in the European Commission's antitrust case against Microsoft Corp., one week before the software maker is set to have a hearing in its appeal, a Microsoft representative confirmed on Friday.
Prince Harry hit in face by camera LONDON, England -- Prince Harry was hit in the face by a camera during an overnight scuffle outside a nightclub that left a photographer with a cut lip.
Brown shrugs off economy worries Gordon Brown outlines to MPs plans to freeze fuel duty, minimise Council Tax rises and boost childcare.
National Grid Transco sells four gas networks for 5.8 bn NEW YORK, August 31 (New Ratings) - National Grid Transco Plc (NNG.ETR) has reportedly agreed to sell half its gas distribution networks for about 5.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s National Foods Steps Up Bid Defence MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian dairy company National Foods Ltd. (NFD.AU) Friday signaled there is a remote chance a rival bidder may challenge the hostile A\$1.
Bengals brace for old teammate Dillon FOXBORO, Mass.  New England Patriots running back Corey Dillon darted up the middle, bounced off one tackler, then made it a point to crash into two more defenders. It hardly mattered to Dillon that this training camp session ...
Scientist Teaching Bacteria to Eat Coffee Plant's Caffeine (Reuters) Reuters - In what could be a page taken from a\science fiction novel, a scientist in his laboratory is trying\to teach bacteria how to devour and destroy the caffeine\contained in a coffee plant.
African Union Forces to Deploy Fully in Darfur by Yearend KHARTOUM, 5 December 2004 - African forces should be fully deployed to Sudans troubled Darfur region by the end of the year despite some delays in building the infrastructure to house them, the new head of the African Union mission said yesterday.
PeopleSoft's Courtroom Confession PeopleSoft's board is willing to talk about a deal if the price is right.
House market has worst month since 2000 House prices fell by 1.1 per cent last month, their worst performance in four years, Halifax, Britain #39;s biggest mortgage lender, has said.
Myanmar junta announces plan for more prisoner releases YANGON, Myanmar - Myanmar #39;s military government said Thursday that it will release 5,311 prisoners in addition to almost 4,000 whose planned release was announced last week.
Sorenstam #39;s lead follows birdies Annika Sorenstam birdied four of the last five holes Thursday, twice with a 7-iron into greens surrounded by trouble, giving her a 6-under-par 66 and a one-shot lead after the first round
Friday #39;s Golf Capsules Fred Funk and tour rookie Zach Johnson had near perfect outings Friday to share a one-stroke lead in the Buick Championship after two rounds.
Singh No. 1, Daly comeback kid There was no debate that Vijay Singh was No. 1 in golf this year, but John Daly grabbed his share of the spotlight with his resurgence in play and popularity.
Early goal ends Rangers #39; run RANGERS #39; 16-match unbeaten record was brought to an end with this UEFA Cup defeat in Holland today. Danny Landzaat grabbed the only goal of the game after just seven minutes, finishing off a move which involved Stein Huysegms and Martijn Meerdink.
St. Helens climbers ordered to lie low The risk of a volcanic explosion or related landslide on Mount St. Helens has prompted the mountain #39;s managers to keep climbers off the 8,363-foot peak and close some hiking trails while scientists assess the danger.
Oil Eases Again as Fuel Costs Hit Economy  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices ended lower on Tuesday on  signs that high energy costs are slowing the economic growth  that has fueled this year's sharp increase in world oil  consumption.
Jones, Edmonds both win seventh After having his 13-year winning streak broken last season, Greg Maddux returned to a familiar position Wednesday when he earned the Rawlings Gold Glove Award as the National League #39;s best fielding pitcher.
Intel Evolves Chipmaking Technology Intel (Quote, Chart) has built a new chip with 500 million transistors using the latest advancements in nanotechnology, the company said Monday.
Oil Prices Slip, Winter Supplies Seen Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell on Tuesday as an  expected increase in U.S. heating fuel supplies eased concerns  over an inventory crunch should this winter's weather prove  colder than normal.
Oil prices below \$54 a barrel Crude futures prices fell sharply Wednesday, falling below \$54 a barrel, as traders shelved concerns about tight winter-fuel supplies and focused on government data showing faster-than-expected growth in US oil inventories.
Fortress to Acquire Stelmar Shipping  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Private equity firm Fortress  Investment Group LLC agreed to buy Stelmar Shipping Ltd. for  \$677 million only a few months after the oil tanker operator  fended off a hostile bid from its rival, OMI Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OMM.N&lt;/A&gt;,  Stelmar said on Monday.
Acer Ferrari 3400LMi The Acer Ferrari truly lives up to its namesake as being an expensive system, but with that price comes an excellent thin and light notebook with tons of performance.
quot;I can take his punches quot; - Williams By Ant Evans in Las Vegas( pic by Mr Will/Hogan Photos): WBC heavyweight title challenger Danny Williams insists he #39;s completely unperturbed by champion Vitali Klitschko #39;s well-hyped punching power on the eve of their Mandalay Bay collision here Saturday
Canceled Contract Clouds China #39;s IT Procurement Policies On 28 November 2004, Beijing #39;s municipal government announced the cancellation of a \$3.6 million contract, awarded without tender on 18 November, that would have allowed it to use Microsoft software for a period of 3 years.
NASA Starts Hunt for Celestial Bursts The fastest-swiveling space science observatory ever built rocketed into orbit on Saturday to scan the universe for celestial explosions.
Cricket: W. Indies Wins Champions Trophy Over England The West Indies has won the Champions Trophy one-day cricket tournament in London by two wickets over England. The visitors scored 218 for eight in 48.
Two-goal Kalou kills Rangers hopes GLASGOW, Scotland -- Scottish giants Rangers crashed out of a European competition for the second time this season following a 2-0 defeat at home to Auxerre in the UEFA Cup.
Weld plays waiting game The Melbourne Cup is known as  #39;the race that stops a nation #39;, owing to its standing as Australia #39;s most popular horse race.
UPDATE 1-Everton draw at Newcastle, Spurs end losing run Everton ground out a 1-1 draw at Newcastle United and Tottenham Hotspur ended a run of six Premier League defeats with a morale-boosting 2-0 victory over 10-man Middlesbrough on Sunday.
Secret Service busts suspected ID fraud ring Federal agents and international allies arrest 28 suspects thought to have stolen credit card numbers and other financial information.\&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Shadowcrew site in federal custody
India reduces steel import tax to rein in prices MUMBAI India has cut the import tax on steel for a third time this year and canceled customs duty on raw materials to contain prices after they rose to their highest in a decade.
Jobless Claims Up, Hurricane a Factor  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New claims for U.S. jobless benefits  rose in the latest week, but the gain was largely blamed on  Hurricane Charley, the government said on Thursday.
Israelis Mount New Gaza Raid After Strike on Hamas (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli tanks and helicopters swept into\the northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday, a day after\soldiers killed 14 Hamas militants in the biggest ever raid of\its kind.
Britain arrests radical cleric London - British Police arrested radical cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri on suspicion of terrorism links Thursday, a move suggesting that Britain intends to charge him, which could delay US attempts to extradite him.
Euro at record high against dollar FRANKFURT, Germany -- Top euro zone politicians on Friday voiced mild concern as the euro rose to a record high against the dollar, and a European Central Bank policymaker said quick currency moves were unhelpful.
Group Calls on Feds To Bolster Cyber Security The Cyber Security Alliance has outlined a 12-point plan for the US government to take a more proactive role in ensuring cyber security.
Flaherty blasts BRA over Fan Pier Boston City Council President Michael F. Flaherty yesterday lambasted the Menino administration's suggestion of a compromise on public amenities on Fan Pier in an effort to speed up development of the languishing land.
Iran Improving Missile Range TEHRAN, Iran -- Iran said Wednesday that it would keep improving its missile capability after announcing that the latest version of its medium-range Shahab-3 could now hit targets up to 2,000 kilometers away.
Vegas serves up boxing treat If Bernard Hopkins v Oscar de la Hoya did not quite live up to its ludicrously lofty billing, it was through no fault of the fighters.
One good plus, two good minuses for A #39;s Well, let this be a lesson to us all. There really is no egregious mistake in the world of professional flesh peddling that cannot be undone.
Macworld Expo Games Pavilion to feature new games (MacCentral) MacCentral - IDG World Expo on Wednesday offered details about the Macintosh Games Pavilion, featured at next month's Macworld Conference  amp; Expo in San Francisco, Calif. The pavilion will feature new games from publishers including Aspyr Media, MacSoft, Freeverse Software and Ambrosia Software. It'll also be populated by an Arcade area where showgoers can get their hands on Power Mac G5s and iMac G5s running the latest titles available for the Macintosh.
Despite fears of attacks at polls, 'resilient' Afghans ready to vote KABUL, Afghanistan -- A day before Afghanistan's historic presidential election, Captain Jacob Larkowich's US infantry company took up positions on a hilltop next to the Intercontinental Hotel, looking out over the dusty capital for puffs of smoke and bracing to rush to the scene of any bombing.
Red Sox vs. Yankees: Bitter enemies clash with Series on line (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Stick a tape in the VCR and save it for posterity. Clip the newspapers. Buy the frame for the ticket stub. Baseball history beckons. Boston Red Sox vs. New York Yankees. The American League Championship Series that opens Tuesday night in Yankee Stadium pits teams that have been bickering for 100 years.
Death of Rare Bird Leaves Future Uncertain (AP) AP - One of the rarest birds on Earth came closer to being wiped out  #151; if not already extinct  #151; with the death of one of the last three believed to exist, officials said.
Iraqi militant group beheads  quot;collaborator quot;: website A militant group in Iraq, the Armyof Ansar al-Sunna, said in a statement on its website on Saturdayit beheaded an Iraqi man it accused of collaborating with USforces.
GOP Want Bush to Turn Attention From Iraq NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...
Vampire goes head to head with Half-Life 2 Activision has revealed that it plans to ship Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines on November 16th in the USA, meaning that the game will be in direct competition with Valve #39;s Half-Life 2 - the Source Engine technology for which Bloodlines uses under
Ready to go in Shanghai! Calculate race strategy and watch live telemetry from the first ever sessions of the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix.
Toshiba to make 80GB 1.8-inch drives Toshiba Corp. is close to commercializing a new data storage technology that could significantly increase the capacity of hard-disk drives, it said Tuesday.
Oil Climbs Back Over \$50 Per Barrel SINGAPORE, OCT 5: US oil prices scrambled back over \$50 a barrel on Tuesday, kept on edge by a prolonged production outage in the Gulf of Mexico at a time when major exporters are already pumping nearly full tilt.
Ford Posts \$266 Million Profit for 3rd Quarter on Credit Unit Ford Motor Co., the second-largest US automaker, posted a \$266 million profit for the third quarter, led by its unit that makes car and truck loans.
Citigroup Regrets Bond Trades That Led to UK Probe (Update2) Citigroup Inc., the world #39;s largest bank, apologized for a series of European government bond trades last month that caused prices to fall and prompted an investigation by UK regulators.
Google Lowers Price Range The search-engine giant, which was expected to go public as early as Wednesday, instead has slashed the deal #39;s expected price range and cut the number of shares being sold by existing shareholder in half. The new parameters suggest a newly public Google ...
Sony PSP Provides Stylish Curves and Sharp Screen There #39;s no denying that the PSP is a slickly designed gadget with a certain fashionable cachet. The images are breathtaking. Not that there #39;s anything new here in terms of graphics, but seeing
China to lead recovey in air travel industry Geneva - China is expected to be the world #39;s fastest-growing market for air travel as the world #39;s airlines look for global growth in passenger traffic of 6 percent annually over the next four years, the top industry body said on Wednesday.
Haiti Flood Death Toll Rising, Hundreds Missing  GONAIVES, Haiti (Reuters) - Survivors of devastating  flooding in Haiti wandered mud-clogged streets in search of  food on Tuesday as officials said 662 people had been killed  and more than 1,000 were missing.
ATA bankruptcy could ground traveling IU students Senior Kris Olsen, like many other students, has already made plans to travel home to New York for Thanksgiving break. But he wonders if his flight will even get off the ground because he #39;s flying with ATA.
Goalie Gets Long Workout Providence goaltender David Cacciola expected to face a lot of shots when the Friars visited Boston College on Saturday. But he did not expect about three games' worth.
African Union to relaunch peace talks for Sudan's western Darfur region (AFP) AFP - The Sudanese government and the Darfur region's rebel groups are due to meet in the Nigerian capital Abuja as the African Union bids to restart its stalled peace process and prove that the troubled continent can handle its own crises.
Ravens Add Ogden's Younger Brother to Practice Squad  BALTIMORE (Sports Network) - Baltimore signed Marques  Ogden, brother of Ravens All-Pro tackle Jonathan Ogden to the  club's practice squad on Tuesday.
8 killed in knife attack at Chinese high school BEIJING A man with a knife broke into a high school dormitory and killed eight students in the deadliest of a series of such attacks at Chinese schools in recent months, the government said Friday.
BERLIN, Germany, October 6 (PRNewswire) Replace MP3 players and PDAs with AIBO. With the advanced new AIBO MIND 2software, AIBO gains the ability to record moving pictures through wirelessconnectivity, recognise patterns, voices and faces, obey
Custom-made-- in China Custom-designed imported furniture was once an exclusive realm. Now, it's the economical alternative for commercial developers and designers needing everything from seats to beds to desks for their projects.
Russia #39;s Putin defends move to centralize power Russian President Vladimir Putin, responding to international criticism that he #39;s reinstalling an authoritarian government in the Kremlin, insisted yesterday there #39;ll be  quot;no turnabout quot; from a democratic nation, but he said he won #39;t retreat from tough
FTSE 100 set to tumble The FTSE 100 is expected to fall after a sharp sell-off in the US on Friday and amid continued strength in the price of oil. Financial bookmakers forecast the FTSE 100 .
Middle ground for Cancela Jose  quot;Pepe quot; Cancela was among the key attacking players for the Revolution last season. But Cancela has performed only briefly in the last five matches as the Revolution have struggled to a 1-3-1 record and are on the brink of elimination from MLS playoff contention.
Dodgers hope to trim magic number to 2 The Los Angeles Dodgers hope to move a step closer to clinching the NL West when they continue their four-game series with the Colorado Rockies.
The Euros cash in Bloomfield Township, Mich.- In the end Sunday, it seemed fit ting that Colin Mont gomerie, the spiritual leader of Europe #39;s Ryder Cup team, would seal ownership of the cup once again.
Nortel lowers layoff projections Telecommunications maker Nortel Networks (NYSE: NT) won #39;t have to lay off as many people as expected. The Canadian company announced Thursday that it plans to lay off 3,250 employees - about 250 less than
McNair's Season Over Titans quarterback Steve McNair will undergo surgery to strengthen his bruised sternum and will miss the final three games of the year.
CA Introduces Mainframe Usage Based Pricing It has been a busy few days at Computer Associates (CA) as the company first announced the acquisition of Netegrity and has now released details of a new licensing schema available on the company #39;s large portfolio of mainframe software products.
Iraqi troops raid key Baghdad mosque Sunni Muslims expressed outrage Saturday over an assault by Iraqi National Guard troops, backed by US soldiers, on their most revered mosque in Baghdad.
Dell Q3 profit rises 25 percent SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Dell Inc. said Thursday its third-quarter profit rose 25 percent from a year earlier as the No. 1 personal-computer maker boosted sales of its PCs, laptops and other gear by 18 percent.
Ponting leads tributes to Miller Australia captain Ricky Ponting has led the tributes to great all-rounder Keith Miller, who died on Monday. Miller, who played in Donald Bradman #39;s Invincibles team, died in Melbourne at the age of 84.
Special teams gives BC upperhand in Big East Morgantown, WV (Sports Network) - Paul Peterson threw two touchdown passes and Boston College scored a pair of touchdowns on punt returns, as the 21st-ranked Eagles upset No.
Violence flares in Ivory Coast ahead of presidential visit Joint patrols have begun in Ivory Coast #39;s commercial centre, Abidjan, in an attempt to maintain law and order after three days of disturbances.
Colts crush Titans The Titans, led by a backup quarterback and employing three straight on-side kicks, banged out three touchdowns and a field goal to own the opening quarter 24-17 in the RCA Dome today.
Online Ticketing The percentage of online sales for movie tickets tripled in the past three years, and growth should continue at least through 2008, the most recent data from Jupiter Research show.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
'Oil Shock' Has Some Economists Worried With growth slowing in China, Europe and Japan, some worry that rapidly escalating prices will trigger a self-reinforcing spiral of falling demand.
Anti-Spyware Bill Passed by House Anti-Spyware Bill Passed by House\\Legislation prohibiting spyware practices was passed Tuesday by the United States House of Representatives in a 399-1 vote. Termed the Spy Act, this bill not only prevents all things associated with spyware, but it also requires that opt-ins, notices and consents accompany any legal software that ...
CEO of Coke lowers outlook for quarter Coca-Cola's chief executive yesterday said the world's largest beverage maker needs to work harder, better execute its strategy, and improve its culture as he warned that third-quarter per-share income will drop at least 24 percent from a year ago. In a speech to employees, CEO Neville Isdell said:
Human rights group blasts new US border controls ROME - The United States' new biometric system of border controls violates civil rights without delivering security, the head of the London-based civil liberties watchdog Privacy International warned Friday. The system involves a "wholesale and aggressive violation" of privacy but was also likely to generate errors and eventually collapse under its own weight, Privacy International Director Simon Davies said.
Broncos run win streak to 21 BOISE, Idaho -- Jon Helmandollar rushed for a school-record five touchdowns, and No. 13 Boise State clinched at least a share of its third straight Western Athletic Conference title with a 55-14 win over Louisiana Tech yesterday.
Delta to Cut 6,000-6,900 Jobs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  said it plans to eliminate between 6,000 and 6,900 jobs during  the next 18 months, implement a 10 percent across-the-board pay  reduction and reduce employee benefits.
High oil prices baffle US economy US Treasury Secretary John W. Snow on Sunday said record-high oil prices baffle the development of US economy.  quot;It #39;s creating headwinds for the otherwise very strong economy
Intel Intros  #39;Extreme Edition #39; P4 Chip Gartner analyst Martin Reynolds said Intel, as the market leader, needs to keep  quot;moving people down the path quot; of new technologies.
Poll: Bush Allies Face Doubts on Terrorism WASHINGTON - President Bush isn't the only world leader facing doubts about his handling of the war on terror. People in Australia, Italy and Britain also harbor reservations about how well their nation's leaders are holding terrorists at bay...
Rugby-Super 12, Tri-nations to be expanded in 2006 The southern hemisphere #39;s Tri-nations and Super 12 rugby union competitions will be expanded from 2006, it was announced on Monday.
Novell Posts Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Novell Inc.  on Thursday posted\a quarterly net profit, compared with a year-earlier loss, on\stronger sales of Linux operating software and a boost to\earnings from a weaker dollar.
Bring on the big boys, says Bayern #39;s Magath Bayern Munich manager Felix Magath admits he is unconcerned who his side face in the last sixteen of the Champions League, claiming the 18-time German champions are capable of beating anyone.
Knocking on Heaven's Door The Milky Way is a vast, diverse neighborhood. If you're hoping to find Earthlike planets that may harbor life, you'll need to narrow the search. Stars are a good place to start, because the dusty discs around stars spawn young planets.
Ford Rises 2.7 Percent Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; rose  2.7 percent before the bell Tuesday after it reported a  higher-than-expected quarterly profit as strength in its  finance arm once again offset losses in its automotive  business.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Houston at Pittsburgh (5:05 p.m. EDT). Carlos Hernandez starts the first game of a doubleheader for the Astros, who have won 12 straight.
IMLogic Leads Group into IM Malware Battle Most e-mail users are aware that opening an executable file (.exe) from an unknown source is a danger, but many don #39;t know what an IM threat looks like.
Mortgage rates take a tumble Long-term mortgage rates tumbled to six-month lows this week amid concerns the economic expansion may be losing steam. Defying expectations earlier this year that it would now hover around 6.5 percent, the
Injuries, Inexperience Plaguing Niners (AP) AP - Only a truly dismal defensive effort could distract a coach from an offense that went seven quarters without a score in the last two games.
Powell Says He Won't Run for Office (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell said Thursday he won't seek political office, dismissing suggestions that he run for governor or senator in New York.
Tice: UW job could lure him from NFL Minnesota Vikings coach Mike Tice said yesterday that there are only two or three college coaching jobs that might lure him away from the NFL.
Investment urged in polluted North Korea Urgent investment is needed in North Korea to deal with serious environmental problems that have depleted the countrys forests, contaminated water supplies and polluted the air, the United Nations top environmental official has said.
Nokia To Offer BlackBerry Software (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Research In Motion (Nasdaq: RIMM) (RIM) and mobile operating-system consortium Symbian have signed a deal that will enable BlackBerry Connect to run on Symbian-based
NFL Game Preview The Indianapolis Colts will be in search of their fourth consecutive win on Sunday, when Tony Dungy #39;s crew welcomes the Oakland Raiders to the RCA Dome.
Maria Sharapova Advances in China Open (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova advanced to the quarterfinals of the China Open on Wednesday, routing fellow Russian Tatiana Panova 6-1, 6-1.
Attacks against civilians in Darfur Omar Ahmad al-Bashir of Sudan, Christian Aid is calling for radical new measures to end the crisis in Sudan. Christian Aid is calling for a change in the mandate of the African Union monitors in Darfur.
Volkswagen enters close cooperation with Abu Dhabi the German vehicle producing giant Volkswagen will assemble trucks in Abu Dhabi and enter a car leasing joint venture with the Gulf emirate, it was announced Monday.
San Andreas game a masterpiece of mayhem On the warpath in LA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sometimes you #39;ve just gotta drop your guard and own up to yourself that you #39;re a geek. So, after pretending for about 24 hours to be above the fray surrounding the official release of Grand Theft Auto: San
Apple Brings iTunes Music Downloading to Canada at Lower Price Apple Computer Inc., whose iTunes Web sites make up world #39;s largest online music store, said it opened a version of the service for Canadian customers.
Firefox Reviewed - a browser for Microsoft haters Written by Net 4 Nowt Anyone reading technology news articles can not have failed to have read something about a new web browser currently doing the rounds.
Beckham suffers rib fracture Having reminded Mancunians of what they are missing courtesy of a superlative goal at Old Trafford yesterday, David Beckham will sit out England #39;s World Cup qualifier in Azerbaijan on Wednesday
Mourning Takes It Easy in First Practice (AP) AP - Alonzo Mourning wasn't ready Tuesday to put too much strain on his body, and the New Jersey Nets weren't rushing Mourning along in his attempt to become the second NBA player to return after a kidney transplant.
Steady as they go BEDFORD -- Scientists at NitroMed Inc. hope their experimental drugs will cure heart disease someday. But lately their focus has been on more mundane matters.
Ganguly and Punishment 2004-05: Because of slow over-rate during the BCCIs Platinum Jubilee one-dayer against Pakistan at Kolkata, Indian captain Sourav Ganguly was suspended for two Tests against South Africa.
NBA Wrap: Lakers Rally to Beat Rockets Lamar Odom supplemented 20 points with 13 rebounds and Kobe Bryant added 19 points to overcome a big night from Yao Ming as the Los Angeles Lakers ground out an 84-79 win over the Rockets in Houston Saturday.
Gene test to track illegal ivory A genetic test that can determine the origin of ivory could help combat the illegal trade in elephant tusks and their products.
For the U.S., a Big Deficit and Little Time to Come Back Europe will enter the 12 singles matches holding a 11-5 lead and needing to finish with only 14 points to retain the Ryder Cup.
FEC Union Election Spending Probe Sought (AP) AP - An anti-union group is urging the Federal Election Commission to investigate one of the largest unions in the country, claiming the Service Employees International Union unlawfully spent workers' dues to elect Democrats in last week's election.
At Least 50 Militants Killed in Pakistan Raids  RAWALPINDI, Pakistan (Reuters) - At least 50 Islamic  militants, most of them foreigners, were killed by Pakistani  forces on Thursday in the South Waziristan tribal region near  the Afghan border, a military spokesman said.
Sadr calls for ceasefire government forces and will soon unveil plans to pursue his goals through politics rather than conflict, aides say. this year, to renounce violence and to enter the political arena ahead of elections due to be held in January.
Sadly for Yanks, no rest for weary Instead of resembling the Yankees #39; best pitcher of the second half, Orlando Hernandez on Friday looked more like someone desperately fighting a weak shoulder.
Urlacher out four to six weeks Just when their defense was playing at a high level and sparking a three-game winning streak, the Chicago Bears lost star linebacker Brian Urlacher.
Construction, Industrial Data Give Mixed Signals Construction spending surged in August to the highest level on record, while manufacturing grew at a slower pace in September, offering mixed signals about the economy's strength.
UPDATE 4-Beckham apologises over deliberate booking England captain David Beckham has apologised to the Football Association (FA), his team mates and supporters after deliberately getting booked against Wales.
Michael Owen fit for England game Michael Owen is expected to be fit for Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier game against Wales. Owen, who has been suffering from a hamstring injury, managed to train successfully on Wednesday.
Broadband reach to get broader Broadband will be as widely available as analogue TV by the middle of next year, according to BT. BT has struggled to extend the reach of broadband to certain areas of the country because until now 512Kbps ADSL connections would not work ...
Schumacher finishes second at Spa but still claims seventh season &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Michael Schumacher clinched an unprecedented seventh Formula One drivers #39; title at the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday, despite not winning for just the second time in 14 races this season.
Japan may let women take throne \Japan's ruling party considers proposing constitutional changes to let women take the throne, reports say.
Talks Set to End  #39;With No Deal in Sight #39; Negotiations to restore Northern Irelands power-sharing administration appear have ended without producing a deal, it was claimed today.
Nigeria fuel price strike starts Astana - London. October 11. KAZINFORM refers to BBC News - Fuel price rises have hit many Nigerians very hard. A four-day general strike over rising fuel prices has begun in Nigeria, Africa #39;s largest oil producer.
Microsoft Shores Up Security Effort Rich Kaplan of Microsoft #39;s Security Business  amp; Technology Unit previewed the company #39;s Windows Rights Management Services Service Pack 1 beta at RSA Conference Europe 2004, and announced the
Bright Marks  amp; Sparks It speaks of grateful grannies and bowing bread-earners as Munificence plc divides between its investors excess booty earned from triumph on commerce #39;s high seas.
Before-the-Bell: OmniVision, Nortel Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of OmniVision Technologies Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OVTI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OVTI.O&lt;/A&gt; fell 6.2 percent in premarket trading on Thursday, the  morning after the image sensor designer announced the  resignation of its chief financial officer.
India to celebrate Taj Mahal #39;s 350th anniversary INDIA - 350-year-anniversary celebrations devoted to the jubilee of the famous mausoleum Taj Mahal will start tomorrow in India. The worldwide known historic architectural gem, the snow-white Taj Mahal, was
Halliburton Payments May Be Withheld Inspector general for Iraqi reconstruction says the company's record-keeping was so poor that auditors could not determine whether the firm had fulfilled its obligations to the U.S. government.
Report: Vegas Sands Names Macau Arm Chief US-based Las Vegas Sands Inc. has chosen the head of another casino company to oversee its operations in Macau, a Chinese gambling enclave that recently ended its casino monopoly, a newspaper reported Monday.
Indonesian cleric on trial for terrorism Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir has gone on trial in Indonesia on charges of leading Jemaah Islamiah, a militant network seen as the Southeast Asian arm of al Qaeda.
'Mercenaries' avoid deportation Seventy men held in Zimbabwe accused of plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea will not be extradited.
Iraqi education official killed The top education ministry official in the oil-rich northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk has been assassinated by unknown assailants.  quot;Ibrahim Ismail was killed on the main road as he was heading to the technological
US stocks rebound, close with narrow loss US stocks rebound on sharp drop in oil prices to close with just a narrow loss. Wall Street drew support from upbeat earnings news from Johnson  amp; Johnson and Merrill Lynch.
Barry makes political comeback in Washington (AFP) AFP - Marion Barry, the former mayor of Washington who was caught taking cocaine, has made a new political comeback in the US capital.
UK Police Arrest One Man Under Anti-Terror Laws  LONDON (Reuters) - Police arrested a man in central England  on Thursday under anti-terrorism laws.
#39;Blog #39; is most popular search term on dictionary site NEW YORK -  quot;Blog quot; is now the most popular search word in the online version of the Merriam-Webster dictionary. Its frequent lookup paralleled its growth on the political scene this year as keepers of Web logs
Packers Sign Former Giants Defensive End (AP) AP - Unable to develop a pass-rusher opposite Kabeer Gbaja-Biamila, the Green Bay Packers signed former New York Giants defensive end Kenny Holmes on Wednesday.
US makes it three-for-all in men #39;s 400 Monday night, 20-year-old Jeremy Wariner and 21-year-old Otis Harris led an American contingent up the center of the track to claim gold and silver in the 400.
Investors May Sue Russia as YUKOS Tanks  MOSCOW (Reuters) - YUKOS' foreign investors accused Russia  on Friday of attempting to steal the oil giant's key unit  Yugansk and threatened to sue after Moscow set a Dec. 19 fire  sale of its assets, sending the stock collapsing by 25 percent.
Nokia Launching 6670 Business Phone  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia unveiled a mobile phone for  business users on Thursday that incorporates a camera with a  megapixel resolution, beefing up a patchy handset portfolio  that has cost it market share.
It was a heavenly Game 7 Sometimes, when you're living through an event, you can be too close to what's happening to realize the magnitude of it.
MYSKINA MAKES NO MISTAKE Anastasia Myskina reignited her hopes at the WTA Tour Championships on Friday with a straight-sets defeat of Lindsay Davenport. The Russian looked confident in beating the world number one 7-6 (7-5) 6-4 in Los Angeles.
Tottenham players were in shock over Santini, says Jol Jacques Santini #39;s shock resignation as Tottenham Hotspur coach has left the London club once again in a state of chaos and Saturday #39;s 3-2 defeat at home to Charlton Athletic merely added to the gloom.
Militants threaten to kill Turk hostage  CAIRO -- Iraqi militants threatened to behead a Turkish truck driver if his company and the Kuwaiti contractor it works for did not stop their operations in Iraq within 48 hours, according to a videotape aired on Arab television yesterday.
Vote Counting Begins in Afghan Election KABUL, Afghanistan - Interim leader Hamid Karzai took an early lead as vote counting began in Afghanistan's landmark presidential election, after allegations of ballot-box stuffing, voter intimidation and multiple voting forced five days of delay.    The tally was halted Friday so the 1,000 Afghans on the counting staff could have the day off to celebrate the start of Ramadan, the Islamic fasting month...
Tennis: Novak beats Nalbandian in five-set thriller Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic won the Swiss Indoors title at Basel on Sunday, defeating David Nalbandian of Argentina in a thrilling five-set final.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Filthy Linking Rich - Google Releases Desktop Search - Exit Page Statistics Query - 'Industrial Strength White Hat' Cloaking Questions - Content for Adwords - RSS Feeds as a Search Engine Marketing Tool
Oil weighs on blue chips, eBay results boost techs NEW YORK Stocks were mixed in a volatile session yesterday, with blue chips weighed down by oil prices and a new investigation of the insurance industry.
Blu-Ray or HD DVD? Both, Says Thomson  quot;The problem is that we #39;re getting into another round of format wars and until it shakes out, consumers are not likely to buy much of anything, quot; Michael Gartenberg, research director at Jupiter Media, told TechNewsWorld.
Lycos Europe buys Tiscali Sweden Spray Network AB - a subsidiary of Lycos Europe - has become the latest outfit to buy one of Tiscali #39;s unwanted ISPs. Spray has agreed to cough up 13m (8.
NFL Expresses Interest in Anaheim Franchise (AP) AP - The NFL has approached Anaheim city officials about possibly building a stadium complex for an NFL franchise that could begin play as soon as 2008.
IBM enhances support for ISVs The new initiative will automate and simplify the process for independent software vendors to become IBM business partners, according to a statement.
OPEC May Weigh Cutting Some Production Oil prices have been at record highs this year, with money gushing into the coffers of oil producers thanks to the world #39;s growing thirst for oil.
Brazil to Limit UN Access to Uranium Plant as Powell Visits Brazil will limit United Nations #39; access to a uranium enrichment plant as US Secretary of State Colin Powell visits the country to press for unimpeded inspections, the country #39;s ambassador in Washington said.
Microsoft's Cut-Down Windows Set for More Markets  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday it will begin shipping a low-cost version of its  Windows XP operating system to three Asian countries and Russia  within weeks, tapping developing markets as growth slows  elsewhere.
Palestinians Pour Out Grief Over Arafat's Death  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians streamed into  the streets of the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Thursday in an  outpouring of grief over the death of Yasser Arafat, the  enduring symbol of their nationalist cause.
Youzhny upsets Paradorn to reach Beijing final Russian Mikhail Youzhny upset sixth seed Paradorn Srichaphan 6-4 6-4 on Saturday to reach the final of the China Open. Fifth seed Marat Safin, also from Russia, faces Jarkko Nieminen
Felix Leads Three U.S. Women in 200-Meter ATHENS, Greece - Allyson Felix led three American women into the second round of the 200-meter on Monday, posting the fastest time of 22.39 seconds in the qualifying heats.    Joining the 18-year-old Felix in the quarterfinals later Monday were U.S...
Intel introduces new mobile chip Intel Corp., the world #39;s largest chip maker, on Tuesday introduced a powerful mobile chip running at 3.33 GHz for notebook computers.
Content Management Systems and SEO - A Powerful Mix Content Management Systems and SEO - A Powerful Mix\\Search Engine Optimization revolves around providing useful, unique content on your website and making sure that search engines can find and understand it easily. 'Organic SEO' as it is called, puts emphasis on optimizing hundreds of keyword rich content pages as 'spider-bait' ...
Microsoft #39;s  #39;patch #39; of worry NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Some colleges are fretting the release of Microsoft #39;s upgrade to its XP operating system -- whose release coincides with the opening of campuses around the country -- saying that multiple downloads of the patch could significantly
The world today UNITED NATIONS North Korea terms US exercise as threat North Korea yesterday warned that a US-led naval exercise held off its shores threatened global stability and could also undermine six-party talks aimed at ending a crisis over its nuclear ambitions. The exercise, staged to help stop the spread of weapons of mass destruction,  quot;constitutes a breach of the Charter of ...
Athletics: From Tears Of Joy To Eight Year Ban For Collins After her 22.31 victory in the 200 meter semi-finals at the 2003 World Indoor Championships, the first of two national records she would set in as many days, Michelle Collins was fighting back tears.
RealNetworks Slashes Music-Downloading Prices With competition heating up in the online music business, RealNetworks Inc. slashed prices Tuesday for downloading music.
Jags in First Place in AFC South (AP) AP - Their are several reasons the Jacksonville Jaguars have gone from 1-6 at this time a year ago to their current 5-2 record, The answer given by most players is just one word: confidence.
Britain's Blair Faces Heart Op But Vows to Lead On  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said  he would go into hospital on Friday to correct recurrent heart  palpitations, but he vowed to serve a full third term in office  if he wins an election expected next year.
Haiti Flood Toll Tops 300 from Jeanne  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - More than 300 people died  in Haiti from flooding and mudslides triggered by Tropical  Storm Jeanne, according to aid workers who said half of the  northern city of Gonaives was still underwater.
Oil prices ease on Nigerian talks Oil prices fall on news of Nigerian peace talks but analysts expect the price to remain close to the \$50 mark.
Workers face new overtime rules Salaried workers who have been getting overtime pay should take notice: The rules are about to change. Under new federal regulations that go into effect tomorrow, some white-collar workers
EU in Sudan for Darfur talks European Union Foreign Policy chief Javier Solana has arrived in Sudan where he is expected to discuss the conflict in Darfur. Solana arrived from Addis Ababa on Saturday , where he had announced that the
Powell, in China, seeks progress on NKorea and Taiwan BEIJING : US Secretary of State Colin Powell arrived in Beijing for talks which he hopes will lead to a quick resumption of stalled talks on the North Korean nuclear impasse amid new bellicose accusations from Pyongyang.
Columnists: Open Source Versus Closed Source Security In the age old battle between open source and closed source operating systems and applications, can either of them really be considered more secure than the other?
IBM Reclaims Supercomputing Crown from NEC IBM has reclaimed the title of world #39;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a Japanese computer that shocked the US government when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
Magnetic Beaks Help Birds Navigate, Study Says Homing pigeons may use a magnetic "map" inside their beaks to navigate, according to new research.
Optimists, pessimists, realists, fantasists rafat was flying onboard a French flying hospital from Amman to Paris this morning, and Israelis, enjoying the first rain in eight months, were speculating what would happen next, operating on the assumption that an era has passed, divided between
US Steel Returns to Homestead Works United States Steel Corp. will return to the former site of the historic Homestead Works steel plant, once the epicenter of labor-management relations that exploded more than a century ago when Pinkerton agents
Stolen papers linked to drug saga Documents stolen from the Equestrian Federation of Ireland were linked to the ongoing doping scandal surrounding an Olympic gold medal winning horse.
Web Gaming Changes Social Interactions Not so long ago, in a galaxy not so far away, Chip Collier was on a mission. "I really gotta stop bleeding and dying," the 24-year old said as he slouched in front of his computer in his ninth-floor Chicago apartment. "I'm really horrible about not paying attention to my battle fatigue."
YUKOS Files for US Bankruptcy Russian oil major YUKOS said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy protection in a US court and would seek an order from the court to halt the Dec. 19 sale by the Russian state of its main oil unit.
Ask Jeeves Gets Personal Ask Jeeves Inc. is getting personal with Web search and trying to leapfrog its bigger competitors in the process. The Emeryville, Calif.
Spain poised to sanction same-sex marriages MADRID Spains cabinet proposed legislation Friday allowing same-sex marriages and for homosexuals to adopt children, pressing ahead with its liberal agenda despite vociferous opposition from the influential Roman Catholic Church.
CA offers usage-based pricing for mainframe tools Computer Associates said all of its products for use with IBM's zSeries mainframes and the zOS operating system are now available on a pay-as-you-go basis.
N.Korea: Japan Sanctions Would Be War Declaration  TOKYO (Reuters) - North Korea warned Japan on Wednesday  that it would treat economic sanctions as a "declaration of  war" and threatened to try to exclude Tokyo from six-party  talks on Pyongyang's nuclear arms programs.
Iraqi Man's Slaying Dominates Arab Media (AP) AP - The chilling video of a U.S. Marine shooting and killing a wounded and apparently unarmed man in Iraq dominated the Arab world's media Wednesday, overshadowing the slaying of a British aid worker who had been kidnapped by Iraqi insurgents.
Netscape Updates Browser Mozilla-based Netscape 7.2 improves printing and integrates instant messaging.
Chargers healthy returns San Diego Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson is officially healthy. If there was any question, look at his season high 37 carries.
JUST TOO COOL: Handhelds  PDA can store data Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. unveiled a personal digital assistant Monday that doubles as a portable data storage drive. The Tungsten T5 handheld has 256 megabytes of built-in flash memory, of which 215 MB will be available to the user.
In from the Cold Until this week, only a few things about the strange, long-ago disappearance of Charles Robert Jenkins were known beyond a doubt. In the bitter cold of Jan. 5, 1965, the 24-year-old US Army sergeant was leading
NASA #39;s Return to Flight on Track, Shuttle Officials Say NASA (news - web sites) is close to meeting all of the return-to-flight safety requirements set by Columbia accident investigators and should be able to launch a shuttle by May 2005, shuttle program officials said today.
Target made rational choice about Salvation Army Just because Target has changed policy on allowing the Salvation Army bell-ringers this year doesn #39;t mean they don #39;t deserve our patronage  quot;Target doesn #39;t care about us, I don #39;t care about it, quot; Dec. 7.
Koda #39;s wrapped in US flag BAGHDAD - The decapitated body of 24-year-old Japanese backpacker Shosei Koda was left discarded in a field near what is known as a stronghold of anti-American insurgent forces in central Baghdad Saturday night, according to local police.
Invasion of the Data Snatchers Think your PC is safe? Think again. A new study indicates your home computer is likely bogged down with spyware, viruses and other scourges wrought by hackers and PC pranksters.
Framingham's Noel gets first-team honors Framingham resident Arly Noel, a junior midfielder on the Mount Ida College of Newton men's soccer team, was named to the All-North Atlantic Conference first team after finishing among the nation's top 30 NCAA Division 3 players with a team-high 11 assists.
'Sorry' Is the Hardest Word for Blair on Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - Tony Blair's ministers have said it, his  political opponents are baying for it but the British prime  minister refuses to utter it.
Reliance asks directors who quit to reconsider The board of Reliance Energy, a unit of Reliance Industries, said the six directors, all long-time employees of the group, would resume their normal duties and that it continued
Florida Classic: Record day fails to make Rattler feel any better None of Ben Dougherty #39;s half-dozen touchdowns come during the fourth quarter of FAMU #39;s loss. By IBRAM ROGERS. ORLANDO - It was Florida A amp;M senior quarterback Ben Dougherty #39;s last chance to beat Bethune-Cookman.
The Governator Marks a Year in Office It #39;s been a year since Arnold Schwarzenegger became California #39;s 38th governor, and the Hollywood actor-turned politician remains a phenomenon -- theatrical, unbridled and radiating raw confidence.
Judge Reduces Jail Time for Calderon (AP) AP - A judge on Wednesday reduced the time former President Rafael Angel Calderon must spend in jail while being investigated on corruption charges.
Lima gets do-or-die start in Game 3 Through two postseason games, the St. Louis Cardinals have shredded the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; starting pitching. Odalis Perez surrendered six runs in Game 1. Jeff Weaver was touched
Expos not quite out of limbo where? -- for so long now, it #39;s easy to overlook one pesky little problem: There are still a whole mess of questions that haven #39;t been answered about the Expos #39; move to Washington.
Ponting opts to bat first AUSTRALIA captain Ricky Ponting won the toss and elected to bat in the triangular series final against Pakistan at the VRA Ground in the Netherlands.
Hearing Set in Bonds Baseball Lawsuit (AP) AP - A court hearing is scheduled for Wednesday in the dispute over who is the rightful owner of the ball Barry Bonds hit for his 700th home run.
Beckham:  #39;England needed this boost #39; David Beckham admitted England needed to prove a point by beating Ukraine in Wednesday night #39;s friendly at St James #39; Park.
Foreign Interest Appears to Flag as Dollar Falls Investors and analysts are increasingly worried that the last big source of support for the American dollar - heavy buying by foreign central banks - is fading.
Oil Holds Big Gains on U.S. Fuel Concerns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices held Wednesday's 6 percent  gains on Thursday on fears over U.S. fuel supplies ahead of the  northern winter.
Bush, McCain Discuss Ads by Outside Groups LAS CRUCES, N.M. - President Bush wants to work with Republican Sen...
Woods right on course There have been signs of danger he has read about, warnings of trouble told to him.
Yankees rally in 12th, even series They knew all about this haunted house in the Bronx and about the ghosts that come out around midnight in October. But until last night, the Minnesota Twins hadn #39;t lived the nightmare themselves.
UAL Corp. takes \$274 mil. hit in 3rd quarter United Airlines parent UAL Corp. suffered a loss of \$274 million for the third quarter of this year, a smaller hit than it took in the same period of last year, when it lost \$367 million.
Athletics not worth the price Big-time college athletic departments who assert that their teams #39; success leads to increased alumni donations and a better applicant pool have created an  quot;arms
Shell opens door to links with Gazprom Jeroen van der Veer, chief executive of Royal Dutch/ Shell, has opened the door to future deals with Gazprom, the Russian gas group, by welcoming its rapid expansion into the oil sector.
Lessons From The Vioxx Fiasco What a mess. Weeks after Merck  amp; Co. (MRK ) yanked its blockbuster painkiller Vioxx off the market, the furor is still raging.
Apple Enhances iBook, Cuts Prices Before Holidays Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday announced a faster version of its popular iBook notebook personal computer and a less expensive model of its PowerMac
Movie industry sues more than 100 people for helping with online &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LOS ANGELES Hollywood is trying to stamp out computer networks that let people swap movies online. Movie studios filed copyright infringement lawsuits today against more than 100 operators of computer servers
House Passes Sweeping Intelligence Reforms (Reuters) Reuters - The House of Representatives on\Tuesday approved a sweeping overhaul of U.S. intelligence\agencies, ending weeks of wrangling over the Pentagon's power\under the reforms demanded after the Sept. 11 attacks.
Indymedia seizures: a trawl for Genoa G8 trial cover-up? Injunction sought to prevent export of journalists' data
US toymakers pessimistic on outlook NEW YORK, Oct 18 (Reuters) &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The two top US toymakers, citing uncertainty in the economy and the retail sector, posted disappointing third-quarter results on Monday, and lowered expectations for the crucial Thanksgiving-to-Christmas season.
Compuware Blasts IBM #39;s Legal Tactics Two years ago, IBM was ordered to produce the source code for its products, which Compuware identified as containing its pirated intellectual property. The code was missing. But lo and behold -- last week, they called and said they had it, quot; ...
Steelers Defense Takes a Hit; Two Placed on IR  PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Steelers  defense suffered a major blow on Wednesday when the team placed  Pro Bowl nose tackle Casey Hampton and safety Mike Logan on the  reserved/injured list, effectively ending the season for both  players.
Eurozone ministers accuse US as dollar sinks to new lows (AFP) AFP - European Union finance ministers pressed for action by the United States to prop up the dollar as eurozone nations expressed their deep disquiet at the parlous state of America's national finances.
New push to stop child soldiers New report shows commitment by 85 countries to end the practice - but enforcement still lags.
Microsoft makes music mobile moves Microsoft continues its battle to dominate digital music distribution, with news it plans to make its music services available to mobiles before Apple does.
Online Groups Behind Bulk of Bootleg Films (AP) AP - In not-too-secret online forums, Wesley Snipes' latest movie, "Blade: Trinity," is the subject of intense discussion and evaluation.
Stocks higher as profit worries ease Stocks moved narrowly higher in early trading Monday as investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.
Airbus hits back after US files complaint over European subsidies Airbus reacted forcefully Wednesday to a US complaint filed with the World Trade Organisation about European state aid for the European aircraft manufacturer, saying Washington #39;s move underscored rival Boeing #39;s dependence on  quot;WTO-incompatible subsidies quot;.
SAP CFO Puts Off Margin Target (Reuters) Reuters - Europe's biggest software\maker SAP could need a year more than anticipated to reach its\profitability target as it spends on research, development and\marketing, its chief financial officer said on Thursday,\sending its shares lower.
Gallacher savours maiden victory STEPHEN Gallacher won a European Tour event at the 188th attempt yesterday. The talented Scot, who turned professional nine years past, birdied the first extra hole of a sudden death play-off at the Old Course
Bangladesh government offers reward to catch grenade attackers (AFP) AFP - The Bangladeshi government has announced a 160,000-dollar reward in a bid to catch the assailants who killed 20 people and injured hundreds in a grenade attack on an opposition rally last weekend.
Colombian Charged in Fla. With Buying Guns (AP) AP - A Colombian arms broker was charged with trying to buy  #36;4 million in grenade launchers, machine guns, other high-powered weapons and munitions for a leftist rebel group and promising 2 tons of cocaine as partial payment.
Toshiba signals DVD format war Sony, the Japanese electronics and entertainment group, has approached arch-rival Toshiba in an attempt to prevent a damaging format war over their next-generation DVDs.
On this night, Blount pays off There may have been times this season when you wondered if Mark Blount really was worth all the fuss, not to mention the \$38 million. Sunday night (6 points, 4 rebounds, 4 fouls, 18 minutes) might have been one of those times. Last night was not.
Icahn holds 8.4 of Hollywood Entertainment Carl Icahn has emerged as a possible fourth bidder for Hollywood Entertainment, according to a regulatory filing. Free! Sign up here to receive our Midday Market Report e-Newsletter!
Tragedy strikes Rivera #39;s family Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera traveled from New York to his home in Puerto Caimito, Panama yesterday morning after two of his wife #39;s relatives died in an electrical accident there on Saturday.
Afghan hostages  #39;split up #39; Their abductors also extended the deadline on their demand for the United Nations to withdraw from the country until Friday. They had earlier suggested that they might start killing the hostages on Wednesday.
Supreme Court to Look At File Sharing The Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider whether two Internet file-sharing services may be held responsible for their customers' online swapping of copyrighted songs and movies.\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
TESTING TIMES FOR OWEN Striker Michael Owen is facing a battle to prove his form and fitness as the pressure grew on his starting place for Englands World Cup qualifier against Wales.
EU-25 among least corrupt in global index Corruption is rampant in sixty countries of the world and the public sector continues to be plagued by bribery, says a report by a respected global corruption watchdog.
Reaching the limits of space inside the space station So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away - done during a recent spacewalk -as
NL Wrap: Padres Edge Giants, Astros Soar to Wild-Card Lead (Reuters) Reuters - Mark Loretta hit a bases-loaded\sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th to lift the San Diego\Padres a 4-3 win over the San Francisco Giants in National\League action on Wednesday.
Science creates 'own mavericks' Britain's scientific community fuels controversies by shunning colleagues with rebel ideas, research suggests.
Colombians Busted for Faking Hard-To-Copy \$20 Bill  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombian police confiscated  \$600,000 in counterfeit U.S. currency from a Medellin printing  shop, the first time authorities have caught anyone using a  printing press to duplicate the new, hard to copy, \$20 bill.
BA to sell QF stake Qantas shares were this morning placed in a trading halt until September 10 at the latest. The airline said it was expecting BA to sell the \$1.
Maquoketa #39;s Rosenfels could make first career start for Dolphins _ Third-string quarterback Sage Rosenfels, a Maquoketa native and Iowa State grad, could be pressed into service when the Miami Dolphins play the Buffalo Bills this weekend.
Gold Fields shareholders reject Canadian merger The management of Gold Fields, the South African gold producer, was dealt a blow on Tuesday after shareholders voted against a proposed reverse takeover of Canadian gold group Iamgold.
Phillies end Florida frustration At Miami, Cory Lidle took a no-hitter into the seventh inning, Ryan Madson escaped a jam, and the Philadelphia Phillies ended two years of frustration in Florida by beating the Marlins.
3Com Posts Wider-Than-Expected Loss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3Com Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COMS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COMS.O&lt;/A&gt; on     Thursday posted  a wider-than-expected second-quarter loss, amid stiff  competition from Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; and others in the  telecommunications networking market.
Barry Bonds Undergoes Knee Surgery  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds, 40, underwent knee surgery Tuesday and is expected  to recover fully by spring training next year.
Rocket Launches with U.S. Security Satellite (Reuters) Reuters - The last Atlas 2 rocket was\launched on Tuesday, putting a national security satellite into\orbit after four days of delays caused mostly by stormy\weather.
Amazon UK Launching DVD Rental Service (Reuters) Reuters - The UK Web site of\Amazon.com Inc.  is launching a DVD rental service, the\online retailer's first foray into a market pioneered by U.S.-\based Netflix. Inc.
Lonard is the Australian Open champion again The relentless Peter Lonard today outlasted a battle weary field at the 2004 Hillross Australian Open, to win his second consecutive Australian Open Championship.
Funds Grapple With Insurance Scandal (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - If you have doubts about how mutual fund managers reacted to news that insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan was the target of a lawsuit by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, you need look only at the share price.
Schu #39;s lucky escape WORLD champion driver Michael Schumacher escaped uninjured after a high-speed crash during a testing session in Monza, Italy, yesterday.
Too tall, too old, too artistic, Khorkina makes grand Olympic exit ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- The diva does not warm up before her performance. Not much, anyway. That is something that other gymnasts do, and Svetlana Khorkina will never be confused with one of those.
Layton says he and Martin agree they must co-operate in House (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - NDP Leader Jack Layton says he and Prime Minister Paul Martin agree they must co-operate to make Parliament work this fall. Layton and Conservative Leader Stephen Harper each met privately Monday with Martin, the same day the Liberals began their annual summer caucus.
Slow Thanksgiving Weekend for US Shopping The US holiday shopping season got off to a ho-hum start as shoppers lined up for the early-bird specials after Thanksgiving, then stayed home all weekend.
Champions Trophy win may herald new era for WI: Lara London, Sept. 26 (PTI): West Indies captain Brian Lara, kept his emotions in check in an overwhelming moment at the Oval here but hoped the title triumph in the ICC Champions Trophy would herald another great
Former England coach takes temporary charge of Foxes Howard Wilkinson will take temporary charge of Leicester City after manager Micky Adams #39; decision to quit, the Foxes announced Tuesday.
North Korea Demands Change in US Policy North Korea said today it could resume six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons programmes if the US agrees to change its policy toward the communist state.
Mandelson attacks gay row commissioner The crisis over claims by Italy #39;s incoming EU Justice and Home Affairs commissioner that homosexuality is  quot;a sin quot; deepened yesterday, as his future colleague, Peter Mandelson, described the remarks as  quot;unwise quot;.
Motorola Quarterly Earnings Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 maker of cell phones, on Tuesday said its quarterly profit  more than tripled, as sales rose 26 percent, driven in part by  a host of new handset models and cost controls.
Ex-Rite Aid officer gets 10-year jail term HARRISBURG, Penn. - A former Rite Aid Corp. vice chairman was sentenced on Thursday to 10 years in prison for his part in an accounting scandal that brought the US drug store chain near bankruptcy.
Dollar in the doldrums amid economic jitters (AFP) AFP - The dollar hovered close to eight-month lows against the euro and a four-month trough against the yen amid worries about the US economic outlook.
Today's schedule Pro baseball: Eastern League -- Trenton vs. Portland (2) at Hadlock Field, Portland, Maine, 1 p.m.; New Hampshire vs. New Britain at New Britain (Conn.) Stadium, 1:30 p.m.; Northeast League -- North Shore vs. New Haven at Yale Field, New Haven, 2 p.m.; Elmira vs. Brockton (2) at Campanelli Stadium, Brockton, 5 p.m.
Hostages Honored by Afghans as UN Urges Full Probe Afghanistan #39;s former king honored Thursday UN workers held hostage for nearly a month after helping run the country #39;s first free elections, while the United Nations urged a full investigation of the kidnapping.
Halo 2 Pirated Word is flooding the internet this morning that copies of the highly anticipated Halo 2 have been pirated and are appearing on newsgroups and peer-to-peer networks as of Wednesday night.
Vatican watchers track rise of key cardinal VATICAN CITY -- The strict line on Catholic dogma by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger has earned the chief Vatican guardian of orthodoxy a host of nicknames: the Enforcer, the Fundamentalist, and Panzerkardinal, a German neologism that compares the Bavarian-born prelate to a battle tank.
At Least 84 Killed in S. Thailand Monday  PATTANI, Thailand (Reuters) - At least 78 people died in a  crush in southern Thailand Monday after police and troops fired  shots to disperse a crowd of Muslim demonstrators outside a  police station, a justice ministry official said on Tuesday.
Retail Sales Down; Trade Gap Larger US retail sales dipped in August and the US gap with its international trade partners widened to a record level in the second quarter of the year, government reports released on Tuesday showed.
Quiz Eisner in shareholder suit Disney big cheese Michael Eisner took the witness stand for the first time yesterday in an ongoing shareholder lawsuit, defending his choice of ex-super talent agent Michael Ovitz as Disney #39;s No.
Charging Els moves to the top Wild weather seems to bring out the best in Ernie Els, who was both steady and spectacular yesterday in a cool rain, warm sunshine, and blustery conditions for an 8-under
US leading indicators reveal sluggish economy: Conference Board (AFP) AFP - The US economy is  quot;losing steam, quot; the Conference Board said, reporting that the index of US leading economic indicators fell 0.3 percent in October, marking the fifth straight decline.
Day 6 Roundup: China back on winning track After two days of gloom, China was back on the winning rails on Thursday with Liu Chunhong winning a weightlifting title on her record-shattering binge and its shuttlers contributing two golds in the cliff-hanging finals.
State's consumer confidence rises Consumer confidence in Massachusetts jumped to its highest level in more than two years as an improving outlook on the economy and job market sparked consumers' spirits.
Enron to begin US pipeline auction on Wednesday Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) begins the last major leg of its 2-1/2 year trip through bankruptcy on Wednesday when it kicks off an auction to sell its US gas pipelines, the company said.
Wagner Suspended After Being Ejected (AP) AP - Philadelphia Phillies closer Billy Wagner was suspended for two games Friday by major league baseball and fined an undisclosed amount after he was ejected against the New York Mets last weekend.
Henman fights on after five-set slog His back was obviously sore, the windy conditions were not easy and his opponent was awkward in the extreme, but Tim Henman survived to fight another day.
Boston Scientific goes shopping The Natick medical devices company is using profits from its successful Taxus stent to expand into new areas. By Ross Kerber, Globe Staff  December 6, 2004.
Qwest adds VoIP to 10 markets Qwest Communications International has added its OneFlex VoIP services for small, medium, and enterprise businesses to 10 additional markets.
Independence Continues to Struggle The Dulles-based low-fare carrier filled only 52 percent of its seats in November, compared with 52.8 percent in October, the airline's parent, Flyi Inc., reported Monday.
Preview: England-Ukraine With 17 days to go before their World Cup qualifying campaign begins, England are back in action with plenty to prove after the disappointment of Euro 2004 elimination.
Intel demonstrates next generation process technology SANTA CLARA, Calif., - Intel Corporation has built fully functional SRAM (Static Random Access Memory) chips using 65 nanometer (nm) technology, its next generation high-volume semiconductor manufacturing process.
Federer Fit, Rested and Ready to Defend Crown  HOUSTON (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer  pronounced himself fit, rested and ready to end his season in  style with a successful defense of this Masters Cup title.
Report-Lehman Near Deal on Enron Lawsuits Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (LEH) is close to settling a class action lawsuit for \$220 million stemming from allegations that it colluded with other brokerages to mislead Enron Corp.
MTV Turns Up Celeb Heat in Sizzling Miami MIAMI - An already broiling Miami prepared for even more sizzle on Sunday as MTV brought the annual party known as the Video Music Awards to the city for the first time in the awards' 21-year history.    The change of scenery for the awards, typically held in New York or Los Angeles, helped raise the decadence level at the already raucous, celebrity-soaked affair...
Drug Test Sidelines Mutu for Seven Months (AP) AP - Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was suspended for seven months and fined about  #36;35,000 by the English Football Association on Thursday after testing positive for cocaine.
About 100 beached whales and dolphins have died on Australian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOBART, Australia Wildlife officers are trying to save about 50 whales and dolphins near the coast of a southern Australian island.
Four held over Jakarta attack Indonesian police investigating September #39;s suicide attack on the Australian embassy in Jakarta said yesterday they had arrested four suspects but that a top bombmaker might have eluded arrest
Beslan: Vow to put rebel on trial A Chechen rebel leader is vowing to bring to justice warlord Shamil Basayev over the Beslan school hostage-taking that ended with the deaths of more than 300 people, according to a posting on a Chechen rebel Web site.
South Africa win Tri-Nations A SECOND-HALF Springbok blitz gave South Africa their first Tri-Nations rugby title in six years with a win over Australia at Kings Park.
Nortel Says 3rd-Qtr Revenue Will Fall From 2nd Qtr (Update6) Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s largest telephone-equipment maker, said sales growth this year will lag that of competitors and predicted third- quarter revenue will fall from the second period #39;s \$2.
Taiwan Says China Forming Legal Basis to Attack Taiwan condemned China #39;s plan to draft an anti-secession law, describing it Saturday as a move to establish a legal basis to attack the self-ruling, democratic island that Beijing claims as a province.
Starbucks beverage prices to rise by end of the year Starbucks, the largest US chain of coffee shops, plans to raise its beverage prices by year #39;s end to cover higher costs for milk and health insurance amid slowing sales.
Sprint phone boosts data capacity Company will begin selling the Vision Smart Device PPC-6601, a combination cell phone and Pocket PC device with a slide-out keyboard.
Incredibles tops Nemo film record Animated film The Incredibles beats Disney/Pixar's previous US box office record for Finding Nemo.
Online Holiday Shopping Sales Increase Sharply in 2004 Online Holiday Shopping Sales Increase Sharply in 2004\\The latest holiday online sales forecast numbers are up and running with predicitions all having online sales rise, anywhere from 19 to almost 30 over results from 2003. comScore Networks predicts that online consumer spending for November and December will total between \$15.1 ...
GIs Occupy Fallujah but Fighting Continues (AP) AP - U.S. military officials said Saturday that American troops had now "occupied" the entire city of Fallujah and there were no more major concentrations of insurgents still fighting after nearly a week of intense urban combat.
Crying Out When a Child Cannot A man has invented a car alarm system that he thinks could save some of the children who die after being shut inside cars on warm days.
US jets hit Sadr men as tanks near Najaf shrine NAJAF (Iraq) - US helicopter gunships pounded supporters of Moqtada Al Sadr in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf yesterday as tanks rumbled to within 800 metres of a holy shrine at the centre of a near three-week insurgency.
Willis Hires Top Marsh Exec, Stock Rises Insurance broker Willis Group Holdings Ltd. (WSH) on Monday said it hired a top executive from embattled rival Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Antigua Gets A Piece Of The Action NEW YORK - What are the odds that a tiny nation like Antigua and Barbuda could take on the United States in an international dispute and win?
Autopsy: Zholtok Died of Heart Failure (AP) AP - An autopsy confirmed that NHL player Serge Zholtok died from heart failure after playing a game this week in Belarus.
Climate change already affecting the global environment, two &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Global warming has had little noticeable impact in Washington, DC Politicians in the nation #39;s capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide
Kazmir dazzles in D-Rays debut Scott Kazmir #39;s big league debut was everything Mets fans had dreamed about since the day he was drafted in the first round two years ago.
Mbeki on Ivory Coast peace trip BOUAKE, Ivory Coast -- President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa traveled yesterday to the rebel-held north of Ivory Coast, telling cheering crowds that his peacemaking efforts were designed to improve the life of all people in the former French colony and economic hub of West Africa.
Hotels lock employees out As the chants of striking union workers filtered up to the hospitality room of the Hyatt Regency today, general managers of hotels represented by the San Francisco Multi-Employer Group announced that they had locked out UNITE HERE Local 2 employees from
Yakubu lifts Pompey PORTSMOUTH held on for their first Premiership win of the season after an Aiyegbeni Yakubu hat-trick helped them outscore Fulham in a seven-goal thriller at Fratton Park.
EU and US can #39;t solve jet dispute BRUSSELS Amid thinly veiled threats of legal actions, trade negotiators from the European Union and the United States failed here on Thursday to resolve their dispute over the aid that each side gives to their airplane makers.
Sharon Seeks to Broaden Coalition With Labor, Religious Parties Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will seek to bring Labor and other parties into his government to avoid early elections after dismissing a coalition partner who voted against the budget.
Gas prices top \$2 a gallon in state It's back: \$2 gasoline. After sliding steadily from late June through the Labor Day weekend, the average price for a gallon of self-serve unleaded gasoline in Massachusetts was back up to \$2.01 yesterday, according to the most recent survey by the American Automobile Association. The nationwide average also crossed over the \$2 threshold between Sunday and yesterday, AAA said.
British Grand Prix Threatened Reports that the British Grand Prix has been dumped from next year #39;s Formula 1 World Championship are a little premature, although that #39;s not to say it won #39;t happen.
Amazon to Buy Chinese Retailer Joyo.com Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc. said on Thursday that it will buy Joyo.com Ltd., which\runs some of China's biggest retail Web sites, for about \$75 million to gain entry into China's fast-growing market.
German fire destroys 30,000 rare books A fire in one of Germany #39;s most historic libraries has destroyed up to 30,000 rare books.  quot;The destruction of many thousands of books, particularly from the 16th to 18th centuries
Uphill battle for Sears/Kmart Twenty years ago, I wrote a report called  quot;Retailer or Realtor, quot; that argued retailers had huge hidden real estate values.
Nvidia Leaps To PlayStation Platform From Xbox Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Equity Research raised the price target on Nvidia (nasdaq: NVDA - news - people ) after the company announced it was jointly developing a custom graphics processing unit with Sony (nyse: SNE - news - people ).
Libya outlines oil contract plans Libya moves ahead with plans to modernise its oil industry and invites representatives from global companies to Tripoli for talks.
North American cash registers ring up \$125 million US in sales of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - North American sales of Halo 2 reached \$125 million US in the first 24 hours of the video game #39;s release, according to Xbox parent company Microsoft.
Telstra Australia welcomes 1 million broadband customers Written by Net 4 Nowt Telstra achieves broadband milestone Telstra today announced that more than one million broadband customers had been connected to its network across Australia.
Houston beats Rockies to grab final playoff spot WASHINGTON, (AFP) - Brandon Backe allowed two runs in five-plus innings, as Houston seized Major League Baseball #39;s final playoff spot with a 5-3 triumph over the Colorado Rockies.
Trulli to race in Japan, Brazil Jarno Trulli will replace Toyota #39;s Ricardo Zonta in Japan, before sending F1 veteran Olivier Panis into retirement one grand prix early as the season ends at Interlagos.
SAP gains \$35 mln Postal Service deal LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- SAP won a multi-year deal to provide technology to overhaul the US Postal Service #39;s human-resources system, the German corporate software giant said Monday.
Two-day ASEAN summit opens in Laos Leaders of 10 South East Asian nations have started a two-day summit in the Laos capital, Vientiane. The Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) meeting will focus on deepening economic integration
Gold Banc to pay \$16 mln to resolve loan claims Gold Banc Corp. (GLDB.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a Kansas banking company, agreed to pay \$16 million to resolve claims it charged excessive interest rates and fees on federally
Mobiles track down wi-fi hotspots Fans of wireless internet access can now find their nearest wi-fi hotspot using their mobile phone.
Arafat condition improves, illness still a mystery PARIS Palestinian officials say a medical report on Yasser Arafat #39;s condition will be issued tomorrow or Wednesday. They say he #39;s not suffering  quot;from any serious problem.
PalmSource to build Palm OS on Linux &lt;strong&gt;Update&lt;/strong&gt; Buys Chinese phone software firm to speed release
Wavering Voters Anti-Iraq, Wary of Kerry (AP) AP - In an election where most voters have already chosen sides, the presidency could be decided by a small slice of America in the mushy middle  #151; wavering voters who are more likely than others to question President Bush's honesty and think the war in Iraq was a mistake.
Regulator: British Broadband Prices Still Too High (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's broadband access charges are\still too high and need to be slashed further to bring them in\line with other nations, the UK's media and telecoms regulator\said Thursday.
Many Web Sites Keep Tabs on Campaign Giving By ANICK JESDANUN     NEW YORK (AP) -- As a Washington journalist during the 90s, I made frequent treks to the Federal Election Commission to inspect cabinets full of campaign-finance reports to find out who was giving to whom.    Though some data were available through a proprietary online system, those \$20-per-hour access fees added up...
Outlook bleak on both sides Bobby Holik was among the 74 NHL players who met with players association executive director Bob Goodenow yesterday in Toronto, and the Rangers #39; veteran left what he termed an  quot;informative
Australia take 2-0 lead Sydney: Lleyton Hewitt crushed Mehdi Tahiri 6-0, 6-2, 6-2 on Friday to claim one of the proudest records in Australian tennis and give his country a commanding 2-0 lead over Morocco in their Davis Cup World Group play-off.
The Glitch  That Stole Holiday Buys Online shoppers intent on skipping long lines and clogged parking lots at the mall are discovering a different kind of traffic problem this holiday season: overcrowded Web sites that are cracking under the pressure.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Stay in Italy, Simona, both of you Simona Torretta and Simona Pari, the two Italian aid workers who were welcomed by cheering crowds in Rome last week after being released by their Iraqi kidnappers, have announced their intention of returning to Iraq.
Surprise! Bonds fails to belt HR SAN FRANCISCO - Barry Bonds reached another milestone on Saturday, but it didn #39;t wipe the frowns from the captains in their kayaks out in McCovey Cove.
New signs of water on the Red Planet A cracked rock called Escher is helping NASA scientists reconstruct the history of water on Mars. They say that the crater currently being explored by the Opportunity rover may have been shaped by a second
Dow says no basis in BBC Bhopal report (Reuters) Reuters - Dow Chemical Co said on Friday that there was no basis whatsoever in a BBC World report saying that it had accepted responsibility for India's Bhopal disaster.
US PGA AND EUROPEAN GOLF LATEST BETTING ODDS NEWS Richard Sterne of South Afrrica won for the first time in his career on Sunday when he finished on 18 under par to win the Open de Madrid.
IBM Data Reveals Rising Warranty Costs (PC World) PC World - Costs have increased steadily in recent years, causing some to wonder about quality.
Car Bomb Targets U.S. Convoy in Iraq A car bomb in a crowded market north of Baghdad killed at least seven civilians and wounded 18 on Tuesday as a U.S. military patrol passed by.
AOL Releases Version 9.0 with Security Software America Online today released AOL 9.0 Security Edition features a suite of safety and security features, marking the Internet service provider #39;s first version to focus specifically on safety and security.
Dolphins Protect New Zealand Swimmers from Shark (Reuters) Reuters - A pod of dolphins circled\protectively round a group of New Zealand swimmers to fend off\an attack by a great white shark, media reported on Tuesday.
Growth forecast revised up to 7.5pc The Asian Development Bank has revised up its economic growth forecast for Hong Kong this year to 7.5 per cent from the 6 per cent it projected in April, due to stronger than expected retail sales and the surge in tourist arrivals.
Report: Heat to Cause More Calif. Deaths (AP) AP - Longer and more intense heat waves throughout California in the decades ahead will lead to more heat-related deaths in several major cities, according to a new report.
Case for water on Mars is growing stronger Ten months after NASA #39;s twin rovers landed on Mars, scientists reported this week that both robotic vehicles are still navigating their rock-studded landscapes with all instruments operating
Apple #39;s iPod takes the lead on Sony #39;s home turf Juliana Sasaki didn #39;t bother checking out Sony Corp. #39;s digital music player in Tokyo before buying her green iPod mini.  quot;I knew Sony and other companies had MP3 players, but they can #39;t beat the mini, quot; said Sasaki, 23, a language teacher.
IDF: Complete Intel processor lineup to migrate to dual-cores in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Intels complete lineup of processors for desktops, notebooks and servers will migrate to a dual- and multi-core architecture in 2005, company president and chief operating officer Paul Otellini said yesterday in a keynote speech at the IDF (Intel
Concert bomb blast injures 14 people A bomb exploded under a police car at a pop concert Sunday in southern Turkey, injuring at least 14 people, the prime minister #39;s office said.
HP replaces three senior executives Company follows up on promise of "immediate management changes" after disappointing earnings report, CNET News.com has learned.
Microsoft Launches New Media Center PC  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  unveiled a new version of its Windows XP Media Center, adding  features such as instant messaging and high-definition  television to a personal computer designed for the living room.
Kerry leading Bush in key swing states (AFP) AFP - Although polls show the US presidential race a virtual dead heat, Democrat John Kerry appears to be gaining an edge over George W. Bush among the key states that could decide the outcome.
Goodbye to fossil fuels? Not quite yet It all came down to a small, Utah-made device sitting inside an Idaho pottery kiln. This recent experiment at a national research laboratory in Idaho Falls, Idaho, may pave the way for an efficient means of extracting hydrogen from water.
Football: England v Poland Sven-Goran Eriksson may gamble by playing goalkeeper Paul Robinson and striker Jermain Defoe in Poland.
a super-secure ThinkPad especially to the electronics industry. This is the time of year when companies begin releasing their shiniest/newest/greatest products to compete for your holiday shopping dollar.
BCS rankings still rankling It didn #39;t take long. First poll, first controversy. Or at least mini-controversy. If you had taken the wisdom of the two human polls, the first Bowl Championship
Can #39;t do much other than wait, Braves say The television in Bobby Cox #39;s office was tuned to the Chicago Cubs #39; game, and the Braves manager intently watched the ninth inning.
RealNetworks Sells 3 Mln Songs, Ends Download Promo RealNetworks Inc. RNWK.O is ending its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet media and software company said on Thursday.
Kumble breaks 400-wicket barrier Anil Kumble, the India spinner, has become only the ninth player to claim 400 Test wickets as Australia ended the first day of the opening Test in Bangalore on 316 for five.
Will It Be Trash or Tribute? Bottle Stands on the Edge Tillie, the clown face that graced the front of Palace Amusements in Asbury Park for nearly 50 years, was preserved in June before the rest of the building was torn down.
Dollar Weakens Against Euro But Off Lows The dollar was weaker against the euro on Tuesday but above record lows reached after remarks by European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet suggested the ECB was unlikely to intervene to stem the euro #39;s rise.
Sony abandons copy-control CDs SONY #39;S music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Malaysia #39;s AirAsia Ready to Go Public Malaysia #39;s budget carrier AirAsia is set to launch the country #39;s biggest initial public offering this year, energizing its bid to increase its fleet nearly fourfold and challenge Asia #39;s established airlines on lucrative routes.
Sony Develops New Chip for More Real and Refined High Definition Video  quot;DRC quot; was developed in 1997 as a technology that changed a standard television signal format to a high-definition signal format, based on the concept of establishing a higher definition signal format from scratch. The foundation of this technology was ...
New Numbers on Inflation Due This Morning WASHINGTON - The Labor Department releases the consumer price index for September this morning at 8:30 a.m. EDT...
Classic 5,000 metres in store at Helsinki A race for the ages is in prospect at next year #39;s Helsinki world championships if three of the world #39;s great runners stay fit, healthy and focused.
NCAA denies reinstatement request for Mike Williams The NCAA refused to reinstate Southern California All-American Mike Williams on Thursday, leaving the star receiver unable to rejoin the top-ranked Trojans after being shut out of the NFL draft by the courts.
Fisheries link to bushmeat trade Scientists show how European fishing policies are driving some of the bushmeat trade in west Africa.
Mitsubishi Motors to Sell \$2 Bln of Loans to Merrill (Update4) Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will sell \$2 billion of US auto loans to Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. to help the automaker reduce debt.
Liverpool keep dream alive Running on pure adrenalin, attacking in relentless red waves towards a beseeching Kop, Liverpool fought back magnificently against the dying of their Champions League light last
BAE Systems to Acquire Alphatech for  #36;88M (AP) AP - British defense contractor BAE Systems PLC said Tuesday that its U.S. subsidiary will acquire software maker Alphatech Inc. for  #36;88 million cash.
CAT in alliance with AstraZeneca Cambridge Antibody Technology has announced an alliance with pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca after posting a slightly narrower annual loss before tax.
Griffin could get company as only Heisman repeat winner Two Heismans, one man. Maybe he #39;s been alone long enough, in the club that claims only him as a member. Time for Archie Griffin to get company?
Import Prices Rise Less Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The cost of goods imported into the\United States rose by a smaller-than-expected 0.2 percent in\September, a government report showed on Thursday, as petroleum\import costs rose a modest 0.6 percent.
Renewal of Peace Process Discussed a Month After Arafat Death The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat a month ago appears to have created a new atmosphere for possible renewal of peace efforts in the Middle East.
Hamdi Returned to Saudi Arabia RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - Yaser Esam Hamdi, a Saudi-American citizen who was captured on the Afghanistan battlefield and held without charges for nearly three years, has been freed and returned Monday to Saudi Arabia.    Interior Ministry spokesman Brig...
Judge Strikes Down Campaign Finance Rules U.S. District Judge Kollar-Kotelly, the same judge who threw out the Microsoft break-up ruling, and backed the feds in the Gitmo case, issued a 157-page ruling today which rejects 15 of the 19 federal rules implementing the two year old US campaign finance law. While the ruling does not affect the law's key prohibition against large donations to political parties (known as "soft money") it does seem to create some uncertainty for political fund-raising, with only six weeks to go until the elections.
PeopleSoft rebuffs Oracle offer (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - CEO David Duffield says offer undervalues the software company; board touts growing license sales.
Argentine Protesters Want Mayor to Resign Argentines irate over perceived security lapses in a nightclub fire that killed 188 people, many of them teenagers, banged pots and pans in protest Monday and vowed to march against city officials.
Amazon 3Q Profit Rises, Misses Estimates Amazon.com Inc., the online retailing giant, on Thursday reported profits that surpassed year-ago results but came in below analyst expectations.
Sharon and Abbas Express Hope for Gaza Talks Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel and Mahmoud Abbas, the favorite to become the new Palestinian leader, said in separate interviews published today that they would be
Future of F1 #39;s British Grand Prix is secured The British motorsport industry has the  quot;opportunity to further enhance its reputation as a world leader quot; after the future of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone was secured, according Sports Minister Richard Caborn.
Ifo Index Barely Climbs in October (AP) AP - The closely watched Ifo Institute index of German business sentiment barely rose in October, a result the institute said Monday illustrated that Germany's current recovery lacked the strength of previous upswings.
Westbrook Wants to Prove He's a No. 1 Back (AP) AP - Brian Westbrook dismisses his critics the same way he shrugs off tacklers.
France pours cold water on Bush's sunny vision of Iraq (AFP) AFP - France, one of the harshest critics of the war that brought down Saddam Hussein, stressed it would not commit troops for Iraq despite appeals from the United States and United Nations.
Calgary police charge man with series of vicious rapes from 1988-92 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - More than 12 years after a serial rapist terrorized a quiet southwest Calgary neighbourhood, police say advances in DNA technology have led to the arrest of a 61-year-old man who was a suspect all along.
Steelers Run to Win The Steelers grind out a tough win with new addition Duce Staley and old horse Jerome Bettis, holding off a late Raiders' rally to win, 24-21, on Sunday.
J.P. Morgan's Profit Fell 13 Percent The second-largest U.S. bank blames the loss on merger charges related to Bank One, and its weak investment bank performance.
Emissions pact goes forward But the tougher work of cutting greenhouse gases under the Kyoto Protocol remains.
Chinese firm in talks for Noranda Government-controlled minmetals. Exclusive talks to buy Canadian mining giant that has a market value of \$6.7 billion. Noranda CEO Derek Pannell said he is encouraged by discussions with Minmetals, although
Auto Stocks Fall Despite Ford Outlook Despite a strong profit outlook from Ford Motor Co., shares of automotive stocks moved mostly lower Friday on concerns sales for the industry might not be as strong as previously expected.
Dell Looking For Bigger Blade Share Just as some analysts believe the market for blade servers is about to heat up, Dell (Quote, Chart) moved forward with its most significant modular server, unveiling the PowerEdge 1855 for powerful computing at a lower cost.
Red Hat to buy Netscape assets for \$20.5mn NEW YORK, October 1 (newratings.com) - Red Hat Inc (RHAT.NAS) has agreed to acquire certain Netscape Security Solutions assets from American Online Inc (AOL), a unit of Time Warner Inc (TWX), for \$20.
Car bombs kill 12; US readies attack Car bombs killed at least a dozen people in Baghdad and another major city as American forces prepared for a full-scale US attack on the insurgent stronghold Fallujah.
Israeli airstrike kills militant in Jabalya A Palestinian militant was killed Sunday afternoon by an Israeli army missile in eastern Jabalya refugee camp in northern Gaza, Palestinian medics and witnesses reported.
TV airs inside video of school MOSCOW: A Russian television network Tuesday broadcast footage from the school raided by militants last week depicting hooded attackers in a gymnasium crowded with hostages and strung up with explosives attached to wires.
Some consumers getting that sinking feeling Consumers who cut it close by paying bills from their checking accounts a couple of days before depositing funds will be out of luck under a new law that takes effect Oct. 28.
Internet Gives Teenage Bullies Weapons to Wound From Afar For teenagers, online harassment has become a part of life, but many schools and parents have only just become aware of it.
CA to acquire Netegrity for \$430m Computer Associates International will acquire identity management software supplier Netegrity in an all-cash transaction valued at \$430m (241m).
Manpower survey: Moderate hiring early next year Tampa Bay area employers expect to hire at a moderate pace during the first three months of 2005, based on the results of a quarterly survey by Manpower Inc.
Fear keeps Darfur people in camps or town: British minister (AFP) AFP - A junior British minister said that people living in camps after fleeing their villages because of conflict in Sudan's Darfur region lived in fear of leaving their temporary homes despite a greater presence now of aid workers.
Martnez #39;s Being a Met Rests on a Physical Exam Pedro Martnez went on television in the Dominican Republic yesterday to say what many in New York were waiting to hear and confirm what the Mets would not.
BREAKING POINT DJIBRIL CISSE faces a year out of football with a horror double leg-break that has plunged Liverpool into a major crisis. French striker Cisse snapped two bones in his left leg above the ankle
Micron planning its first factory in China Micron Technology Inc. is currently in the process of planning its first factory in China and hopes to begin construction in the middle of next year, the company said Monday.
You Broke It, You Fix It The new iMac G5 is completely user serviceable. If something goes wrong, Apple ships you the spare parts and you do the work. It's the wave of the future: Soon most PC repairs will be done at home. By Leander Kahney.
Pakistanis Freed from Guantanamo Land in Home Jail Thirty-five Pakistanis freed from the US Guantanamo Bay prison camp arrived home on Saturday and were taken straight to prison for further interrogation, the interior minister said.
Tracking Online Marketing ROI Using CPA Tracking Online Marketing ROI Using CPA\\As the online advertising market is poised to grow nearly \$10 billion over the next six years, it's essential that we remember the importance of measuring the effectiveness of that spending. There's no point undertaking any marketing or advertising campaign unless you can measure its ...
Cisco to Buy P-Cube for About  #36;200 Million (Reuters) Reuters - Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO.O), the\world's largest maker of equipment to direct traffic on the\Internet, on Monday said it will buy privately held software\developer P-Cube for about  #36;200 million in cash and options.
Kazakhstan Coal Mine Blast Kills 23  ALMATY (Reuters) - A powerful blast ripped through a coal  mine in Kazakhstan on Sunday, killing 23 people, a spokesman  for the Central Asian state's emergencies agency said.
Simms Signals Start of Future In some ways, Jon Gruden #39;s decision to replace quarterback Brad Johnson with Chris Simms is similar to a baseball manager changing pitchers after the infield has made three errors.
Delta's Bid to ChangeTerms Is Rejected  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said a group of bond holders refused to change the terms of  their securities, adding to the headwinds the airline faces as  it struggles to avoid bankruptcy.
Woolmer:  #39;We need to bat like Jayasuriya #39; Bob Woolmer has already worked some minor miracles in his short stint as Pakistan #39;s coach, but he is well aware that something special will be required on the final day at Faisalabad, if Pakistan are to avoid slumping to defeat against Sri Lanka
Johnson Still Plugging Away After Accident (AP) AP - After a car accident left him with a broken neck and a tragedy left him with a broken heart, DerMarr Johnson easily could have given up on his dream of playing in the NBA. He just wasn't going to let it happen.
Ohio Provisional Ballot Ruling Reversed (AP) AP - A federal appeals court on Saturday reversed a lower court's ruling that Ohio voters could cast provisional ballots on Election Day anywhere in the county in which they are registered.
Desktop Search wars heat up Google #39;s foray into the desktop search market has this week hit it #39;s first competition, as rival offerings have been launched by both Microsoft and Ask Jeeves.
OMAM weighing Gold Fields, Harmony options South Africa #39;s Old Mutual Asset Managers (OMAM) is still weighing its options regarding the bid by Harmony Gold (HAR) for Gold Fields (GFI), OMAM resources fund manager Patrice Rassou said.
'Cold-Blooded Killer' Admits N.Irish Lawyer Murder  BELFAST (Reuters) - A former Protestant guerrilla described  by police as a "cold-blooded killer" pleaded guilty on Monday  to the murder of Catholic lawyer Pat Finucane, one of the most  controversial killings of the Northern Ireland "Troubles."
Allawi describes talks with militants BAGHDAD -- Iraq's interim prime minister, Iyad Allawi, said yesterday he held private meetings with representatives of insurgent groups from the restive cities of Fallujah, Ramadi, and Samarra to persuade them to accept an amnesty offer.
Coxless four into final Britain's rowers cruise into Saturday's final of the men's coxless four at the Olympics.
New Era for Cambodia as King Sihamoni Ascends Throne  PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - In a ceremony full of pageantry and  hope, King Norodom Sihamoni ascended the Cambodian throne on  Friday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying  to draw a line under its bloody, genocidal past.
Castro Falls After Speech, but Recovers Cuban President Fidel Castro speaks to Elian Gonzales Wednesday Oct. 20, 2004, in Santa Clara, 300 kms (about 186 miles) east of Havana before a speech to celebrate Cuban Culture Day.
ICANN enters negotiations on .mobi, .jobs domains Two new top-level domain names moved closer to approval this week, as the body charged with overseeing the Internet's technical matters moved into negotiations with the companies applying to set up and run the ".mobi" and ".jobs" domains.
Italian hostage among 12 killed in Iraq BAGHDAD: At least 12 people, including an Italian hostage, were killed in Iraq on Thursday as violence continued. An Islamist group claimed that it had killed an Italian hostage identified as Salvatore Santoro
House OKs Bill on 9/11 Recommendations (AP) AP - House Republican leaders on Friday easily pushed through sweeping new law enforcement powers as part of a Sept. 11 anti-terrorism package, but the House now must negotiate a truce with the Senate on those measures to get President Bush's signature before the elections.
What Next for Venezuela? President Hugo Chavez is riding high after his overwhelming victory in a recall vote this week, but analysts say his triumph may have limited impact on the deep economic and political problems threatening this major oil-producing country.
Blair prepared to cut troop numbers in Northern Ireland Tony Blair will press ahead with scaling down the army presence in Northern Ireland even if there is no deal between the Ulster parties at this week #39;s talks in Kent aimed at restoring devolution in the Province.
Trojan spammers take aim at mobile phones A Trojan horse computer program that uses infected computers to churn out mobile phone spam messages is causing concern among antivirus firms.
Qualcomm media network to boost mobile services The dedicated tower network to be built by Qualcomm #39;s MediaFLO USA subsidiary should give US carriers a smooth road for rolling out mobile multimedia services, though it may be some time before they embrace the idea.
Vieira Misses Euro Clash Patrick Vieira will miss Arsenals Champions league match against Panathinaikos on Wednesday and is a major doubt for the clash with Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Retail rivals moving to town A town that hasn't had a grocery store for at least a decade may soon have two. A Super Stop  amp; Shop is set to open today on Plymouth Street in Halifax, and about a year from now, Wal-Mart expects to open a nearby ''supercenter quot; that would include a full-scale supermarket.
Volkswagen workers stage marches as  #39;difficult #39; pay talks continue Automaker Volkswagen AG and Germany #39;s biggest industrial union said Tuesday they have made some progress in difficult pay negotiations, but were cautious on prospects of a quick deal in talks that were marked by worker protests.
Opium paraphernalia jumps from Asian taboo to hot collectible (AFP) AFP - Once feeding a scourge which ruined the lives of millions of Asians, opium-smoking paraphernalia has returned, but this time as hot and hip art collectibles being snapped up across the region at skyrocketing prices.
Henman #39;s chance to shine at the top It is rare to see a British player #39;s name at the top of a draw sheet for any international tournament, let alone an ATP Masters Series event.
Coke takes the fizz out of Wall St A profit warning from Coca-Cola took the fizz out of leading Wall St shares and sent the main indices sharply lower. At the closing bell, the Dow Jones was down 86.
Walkouts at three VW German sites Staff at three VW factories start a series of warning strikes, as the carmaker continues talks over cost-cutting plans.
Oil Prices Rebound After Heating Report  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rebounded from seven-week  lows on Wednesday as U.S. heating fuel stocks fell again ahead  of winter.
Pippen calls it quits SCOTTIE Pippen, one of the members of the legendary Chicago Bulls team which scooped six NBA titles in the 1990s, announced his retirement today.
From Dismal Chechnya, Women Turn to Bombs The participation of Chechen women in suicide attacks reflects the radicalization of a war that has turned increasingly nihilistic.
US pressures EU on China arms ban Chinas human rights record does not warrant the lifting of a 15 year old EU arms embargo, said a senior US official. Gregory Suchan, US Deputy assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs
Palestinians mourn their leader Palestinians mourn the death of Yasser Arafat, their leader of 40 years - Israel sees a new chance for peace.
Aung San Suu Kyi still under house arrest The Myanmar government has extended for a third time the house arrest of Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, the BBC said Monday. U Lwin, a spokesman for Aung #39;s National League
Dollar Lifted by Slipping Oil Prices (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar rose to a three-week high\against the euro on Wednesday, boosted by a fall in the price\of oil, which should help narrow the U.S. trade deficit and\thus benefit the dollar.
INTERVIEW: IEA Head Renews Call For OPEC Capacity Boost SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--OPEC should reaffirm its willingness to increase oil production when it meets next month and give a clear commitment to boosting production capacity, the head of the International
MS, Apple pitch music at mobile phone makers &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Deals with network operators make more sense
Steel shortage hits Nissan plants Nissan Motor Co. said Thursday it will halt operations at three of its plants in Japan for five days starting later this month due to a steel sheet shortage.
Compuware asks court to punish IBM Software maker Compuware has charged IBM with keeping back key evidence in a long-running legal battle over copyright and anticompetitive practices.
Bomb explodes in Thai marketplace A powerful bomb has exploded in a crowded marketplace in southern Thailand, wounding at least 10 people, officials said. The province, located about 750 miles south of Bangkok, is
Washington pursues O'Brien for vacancy The courtship of Boston College football coach Tom O'Brien moved east yesterday when University of Washington athletic director Todd Turner and president Mark Emmert flew east and met with O'Brien.
Brother: Castro Improving After Fall HAVANA Nov 1, 2004 - Fidel Castro is healing nicely after shattering a kneecap and breaking an arm in an accidental fall, his older brother Ramon said Monday, adding that their family has always enjoyed good health and longevity.
Ceradyne shares surge on Army contract award NEW YORK, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Shares of Ceradyne Inc. (CRDN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of ceramic body armor, surged to an all-time high on Friday on news that the company has won a US Army contract worth up to \$461 million.
News: House votes to make video cameras in movie theaters a federal crime The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
Hello Canada! \\Reuters reports:\\"OTTAWA (Reuters) - The number of U.S. citizens visiting Canada's main\immigration Web site has shot up six-fold as Americans flirt with the idea of\abandoning their homeland after President George W. Bush's election win this\week."\\""When we looked at the first day after the election, November 3, our Web site\hit a new high, almost double the previous record high," immigration ministry\spokeswoman Maria Iadinardi said on Friday."\\"On an average day some 20,000 people in the United States log onto the Web site,\www.cic.gc.ca -- a figure which rocketed to 115,016 on Wednesday. The number of\U.S. visits settled down to 65,803 on Thursday, still well above the norm."\\The pr ...\\
Report: Online shopping sites struggle to keep up with demand Online retail sites struggle to keep up with consumer demand during the first week of the holiday shopping season, according to Internet performance management vendor Keynote Systems Inc.
Mets lose Trach in field SAN FRANCISCO - Steve Trachsel lasted only four innings and the Mets committed three errors in a 7-3 loss to the Giants last night at SBC Park.
Kerry Rolls Out Health Care Ad (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry argues that "over a million more Americans would lose their health insurance coverage" under President Bush in a television ad the Democrat's campaign rolled out Tuesday.
Sony Debuts Double Layer DVD Burner for Mac The new DRX-710UL-T allows users to record up to four hours of high-quality MPEG-2 video or up to 8.5 GB of data, music and/or images on compatible DVDR DL media.
Asian Stocks Rise as Oil Drops From Record; Honda Leads Advance Asian stocks rose after oil prices fell from a record on Friday, easing concern higher energy costs will damp consumer spending and corporate profits.
Thinnest iMac Ever Makes Paris Debut  quot;A lot of people are going to ask,  #39;Where did the computer go? #39; quot; says Phil Schiller, Apple #39;s senior vice president of worldwide product marketing.
Writer Admits Plagiarism The Seattle Times said a business columnist and associate editor, Stephen H. Dunphy, had resigned after admitting he plagiarized the work of others.
Schwarzenegger unveils hydrogen-powered Hummer but not exact d when he campaigned for office. Criticized by environmentalists for owning a gas-guzzler, Schwarzenegger
Game off, NHL votes to lock out players saying economics have to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - The NHL pulled the plug on hockey Wednesday, with an emotional Gary Bettman painting a bleak picture of a Grand Canyon-sized divide between owners and the Players #39; Association.
Bush hails Afghanistan #39;s election US President George W. Bush saidon Saturday that the kickoff of Afghan presidential elections was a remarkable achievement.  quot;A marvelous thing is happening in Afghanistan, quot; Bush
End the steroid guilt by (players) association You know who you are. The ones who choose the right path. The ones who perform at a competitive disadvantage. The ones who refuse to alter your bodies with performance-enhancing drugs.
Amex mounts lawsuit over  #39;cards cartel #39; American Express yesterday said it was seeking  quot;billions of dollars quot; in damages from Visa and MasterCard over alleged  quot;illegal and anticompetitive practices quot;.
Beijing undergoing biggest changes in 800 years for Olympic Games BEIJING : Beijing is in the midst of a dizzying architectural transformation aimed at creating a modern, high-tech metropolis by 2008 when the Chinese capital will have its moment in the Olympic spotlight.
Brazils Lima returns home to heros welcome SAO PAULO (Brazil): Olympic marathon bronze medallist Vanderlei de Lima, who was tackled by a spectator while leading the race, came home Wednesday to a heros welcome and said he was thrilled to earn a medal even though his fellow Brazilians believe he
North Korea denounces  #39;tyrant #39; Bush North Korea yesterday called President Bush an  quot;imbecile quot; and  quot;a tyrant that puts Hitler into the shade quot; in a stream of insults that seemed to rule out any progress on nuclear disarmament talks before the US presidential elections.
Ricky Williams Will Remain Retired (Reuters) Reuters - Former Miami Dolphins running\back Ricky Williams will remain retired after declining the
Rivera relatives killed in Panama Yankees closer Mariano Rivera was headed back to Panama yesterday, a day after two of his wife's relatives were electrocuted while cleaning the pool at his home.
Protesters Seek Resignations After Fire Thousands of Argentines angered over safety lapses at a nightclub where a fire killed 183 people, many of them teenagers, marched through capital streets Monday holding pictures of the victims and demanding the resignations of key city officials.
Russia's Putin Defends Political Reforms  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on  Thursday he had no plans to grab more power or change the  constitution when reforming Russia's government structure,  dismissing fears in the West he is watering down democracy.
E-Mail Authentication Faces Hurdles Cost, different standards remain the key challenges in the fight to craft an antispam plan.
Cahill #39;s late goal gives Everton win over Portsmouth Tim Cahill #39;s goal in the 80th minute lifted Everton to a 1-0 victory Sunday at Portsmouth, keeping the Toffies firmly in third place in England and only three points behind league-leading Arsenal.
French NGOs push to save African chicken farmers from Europe (AFP) AFP - African chicken farmers risk ruin from massive imports of European frozen poultry at less than a third of their prices, say organisers of a campaign by French non-government organisations to protect the home-grown African market.
Hindu cleric faces fresh charge A Hindu cleric facing murder charges in southern India is also accused of ordering an attack on a former devotee.
Around the world Three US soldiers were wounded, one of them critically, when Afghan guerrillas attacked their vehicle with rockets and guns, the US military said Monday.
Virgin to Launch Commercial Space Flights British entrepreneur Richard Branson said Monday that his Virgin company plans to launch commercial space flights over the next few years.
Tokyo Stocks Rise as Techs Rally  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average climbed for a  third straight day on Thursday, rising over one percent as a  rally in New York boosted tech issues such as Toshiba Corp and  Shin-Etsu Chemical
RFID Driver's Licenses Debated Virginia legislators are weighing a plan to add biometric data and radio signal emitting chips to licenses to prevent identity theft and thwart terrorists. Critics say the plan could compromise privacy and allow new varieties of fraud to flourish. By Mark Baard.
Sun claims Opteron sales outpace Itanium SEQUENTIAL server revenue at Sun Microsystems has grown faster than the overall market, the firm claimed today. Citing a Gartner Dataquest report, Sun claimed that in the second calendar quarter of this year
Pockmarked face of Saturn #39;s icy moon The Cassini spacecraft has returned the best-ever view of the icy Tethys, one of the moons of Saturn, depicting its battered 1060km-diameter surface in this photograph released by Nasa.
Penn St. Denies Paterno Rumor Penn State University, responding to a rumor started by a Pittsburgh radio station that Coach Joe Paterno had resigned, issued a statement yesterday denying the report.
Ganguly banned for SA Test series India captain Sourav Ganguly will miss the Test series against South Africa after being suspended for two matches for allowing a slow over-rate.
New Coca Plants Said to Lurk in Colombia (AP) AP - Authorities suspect a new threat is lurking in the mountains and jungles of Colombia: Not a new rebel cadre, but altered coca plants that are bigger, faster-growing and produce more of the compound that gives cocaine its kick.
DirecTV Reorganizes L. America Operations Satellite television broadcast company DirecTV Group Inc. said Monday that it plans to purchase stakes in Sky Brasil, Sky Mexico and Sky Multi-Country Partners from News Corp., Liberty Media Corp. and others for \$579 million in cash, as part of a reorganization of the company's Latin American operations.
Microsoft Files Seven New Spam Lawsuits &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;MSFT.O&gt; filed sevenlawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail, fortransmitting messages without labeling them as sexuallyexplicit content, the world's largest software maker said onThursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Senator: Commander Told of Military Drain (AP) AP - A former Senate Intelligence Committee chairman asserted Sunday that the general who ran the war in Afghanistan said more than a year before the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq that his resources were being shifted in preparation for taking on Saddam Hussein.
Finish line, December 16 Olympics track athlete Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit Wednesday against Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative founder Victor Conte, who told a national television audience he gave her steroids and watched her inject herself with them.
Afghanistan Death Toll in 2004 Up to 957 KANDAHAR, Afghanistan - The killing in Afghanistan spirals onward, undermining U.S. claims of success in pacifying the country with less than a week to go before an historic experiment with democracy - direct presidential elections...
Departure sparks reshuffle fever Work and Pensions Secretary Andrew Smith's resignation prompts speculation about a Cabinet reshuffle.
Army Won't Pay 15 Pct of Halliburton Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army will withhold payment  on 15 percent of future invoices of Halliburton Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt;  logistics deal in Iraq due to a billing dispute that could cost  the company \$60 million a month, the military said on Tuesday.
Yemen president starts Europe tour (AFP) AFP - Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh left for visits to Germany and Italy, two of the impoverished country's key development donors, the official SABA news agency reported.
How Germs Suck Iron to Cause Infections (AP) AP - Could that ancient practice of bleeding patients really have done some good? A scientist says new research on how germs thrive in the body suggests it just may have  #151; for some people.
Kellogg CEO to head Commerce Department President Bush said yesterday that he had tapped one of the nation #39;s most prominent Cuban-Americans, Carlos Gutierrez, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Kellogg Co.
Nikkei Dips Techs, Steel Makers Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.14 percent\by midday on Thursday with losses in shipping firms, steel\makers and several technology shares overshadowing gains in\selective small-cap stocks and firms with bright earnings\outlooks.
Hurricane Ivan Rages; Evacuations Begin in Florida Officials in southern Florida began evacuating some people from the Keys as Hurricane Ivan ripped through Grenada, leaving at least 15 dead.
Several Insurers Are Named in Lawsuit (AP) AP - Several major insurance companies are named in a class-action lawsuit alleging they conspired with California insurance broker Universal Life Resources to steer business the broker's way in exchange for kickbacks, according to court papers.
Developers react to Longhorn delay It's a mixed bag, with some welcoming the early arrival of key features and others unhappy with the fragmenting of Windows.
Microsoft to Argue EU Antitrust Order Damages Its Trademarks Microsoft Corp., the world #39;s largest software maker, will tell a European Union judge the EU #39;s antitrust ruling forcing the company to offer a version of Windows without a video and music
Council Approves Canadian Drug Plan Montgomery County (website - news) is a big step closer to shopping for prescription drugs north of the border. On a 7-2 vote, the County Council is approving a plan that would give county
TELECOM  #39;04: Verizon, Comcast execs slam regulation Cable met telecommunications Monday at the Telecom  #39;04 trade show in Las Vegas as the top executives of Verizon Communications Inc.
IRA Says It Has Resumed Disarmament Talks (AP) AP - The Irish Republican Army has reopened negotiations with Northern Ireland's disarmament chief, the outlawed group said Tuesday, signaling its readiness to put more weapons out of commission for the first time in over a year.
Showdown Over Nuclear Plans Awaits Election Winner  For all the focus on foreign policy in this campaign, neither presidential candidate has spent much time explaining what may loom as the largest new challenge after Tuesday:  what to do about Iran.
Hong Kong politicians wrap up heated legislative campaign Legislative candidates made their final appeals to voters Saturday in a fiercely contested political showdown that could give pro-democracy opposition figures the most clout they #39;ve had since Hong Kong was returned to China.
IBM Puts Its PC Business Up for Sale -NYT (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal\that could be worth as much as  #36;2 billion, the New York Times\reported on Friday.
Only Injury Can Stop Peerless Federer at Masters Cup  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Last season, Roger Federer left  Houston not even the top-ranked player of the year.
Zimbabwe moves to restrict NGOs Zimbabwe's government unveils a bill which would ban many human rights groups and charities.
Ofcom ultimatum to BT: Open up network access or face competition &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BT must work harder to open up its network to rivals in order to aid uptake of broadband internet access or risk a possible investigation by the UK Competition Commission, the UK communications regulator has warned.
Disabled Americans Are Pleased With E-Voting While many voter rights' advocates are fighting to decertify electronic voting machines, arguing that they're not reliable, one bloc remains steadfast behind the new equipment - disabled voters who say the machines give them long-denied privacy.
Alcoa to Close Ohio Plant, Cut 140 Jobs Aluminum producer Alcoa Inc. said Tuesday it is closing its Northwood, Ohio, automotive components factory by year-end to trim excess capacity, which will impact about 140 employees.
Clear Channel Is Expanding in Spanish Radio Clear Channel Communications said it would convert up to 25 of its stations to Spanish-language formats as it pursues advertising dollars aimed at Hispanic listeners.
Gluecode Contributes Open-Source BPM Engine (TechWeb) TechWeb - Gluecode Software is contributing what it says is the first open-source business process management engine to the Apache Software Foundation.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution For the Braves, Tuesday #39;s rainout means they #39;re scheduled to close the season with 27 games in 27 days, including doubleheaders today against the Phillies and Monday against the Mets in New York.
Yen Trims Losses as Tankan, G7 Eyed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen trimmed losses made against the  dollar earlier on Thursday, but gains were limited as investors  refrained from taking fresh positions ahead of the Bank of  Japan's quarterly survey of corporate sentiment.
Giambi, Yanks won #39;t discuss published report Jason Giambi stepped out of his black convertible with the California plates outside Yankee Stadium on Friday evening and was met by a Yankees security official.
Still no fix for US space shuttle a large hole, quot; said Parsons.  quot;Our expectation is that we #39;ll fix the tank and there won #39;t be anything like that we #39;ll have to deal with.
Clippers fall in double overtime The Clippers have seemed destined for overtimes in this young NBA season. On Monday night, they squandered a 14-point lead and again found themselves in overtime.
Costs put pressure on Virgin VIRGIN Blue faces a clouded second half as it battles volatile fuel prices, rising charges by monopoly airport and navigation providers and an uncertain revenue growth caused by tough domestic competition.
Slugger admits unwitting steroid use Gary Sheffield signed with the Yankees to play in the postseason, and he said he won #39;t be distracted by a controversy stemming from his admission to unknowingly using a steroid two years.
Reading Feeds With Thunderbird The Mozilla Foundation today officially launched the Thunderbird email program - a companion to the Firefox Web browser. If you #39;re on a POP3 or IMAP email server, check out Thunderbird.
Reports Detail NASA Rover Discoveries of Wet Martian History The most dramatic findings so far from NASA #39;s twin Mars rovers -- telltale evidence for a wet and possibly habitable environment in the arid planet #39;s past -- passed rigorous scientific scrutiny for publication in a major research journal.
Britain #39;s Blair refuses to apologize for Iraq British Prime Minister Tony Blair has admitted evidence about Saddam Hussein having weapons of mass destruction was wrong, but insists it was the correct decision to remove Saddam Hussein.
Blast in South Afghan City Kills One, Wounds Four At least one man was killed and four wounded Friday when a bomb exploded in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar, in the latest attack by Taliban fighters intent on derailing a landmark election next month.
Oil Sets New Highs on Winter Fuel Worries Oil prices broke into fresh record territory above \$52 on Thursday on heightened concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies.
Drunken British soldier leaves party in suicide bomber costume; prompts alert (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - A drunken soldier sparked a security alert when he left a costume party dressed as a suicide bomber, wearing a turban, false beard and a combat jacket stuffed with pretend explosives, British police said Friday.
Kidnappers lift death threat on US journalist An aide to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr says Iraqi kidnappers have lifted their death threat on a US journalist. The aide says he has spoken to mediators who say they #39;re working out a way to have Micah Garen of New York released.
McDonald #39;s Says 3rd-Qtr Profit Rose to 61 Cts a Share (Update1) McDonald #39;s Corp., the world #39;s largest restaurant chain, said third-quarter profit rose to about 61 cents a share, beating analysts #39; estimates, on higher sales in the US and a lower tax rate.
Microsoft releases seven  #39;critical #39; security patches Microsoft has issued ten new software security patches, seven of which are deemed so  #39;critical #39; that it is advising firms to download them immediately.
Nigeria opposes OPEC oil quota increase, wants higher price band (AFP) AFP - Nigeria opposes an increase in OPEC's production quota but wants the 11-member cartel to lift an official price band to be more in line with market reality, the country's top oil official said.
Ryder-Irrepressible Monty again flourishes in Cup arena Britain #39;s Colin Montgomerie has always played like a man possessed in Ryder Cup matches against the United States. A talismanic figure
Deutsche Bank #39;s Chief Shuffles Top Executive Ranks Deutsche Bank shuffled the ranks in its executive suite on Tuesday, putting more power into the hands of two prominent investment bankers based in London, but also naming
China to invest 20 billion dollars in Argentina BUENOS AIRES : China #39;s President Hu Jintao and Argentine President Nestor Kirchner signed cooperation agreements as Chinese companies pledged investments of 20 billion US dollars.
Yukos Lawyers Ask for New Judge in Hearing Lawyers for the embattled Yukos oil giant requested a new judge Monday as Russia #39;s Tax Ministry sought to enforce \$1.4 billion in fines and penalties on a \$4.
EU Ministers Prepare Disputed Turkey Decision EU foreign ministers met on Monday to make final preparations for a landmark decision later this week to open entry talks with Turkey amid renewed evidence of strong
Rate Futures Fall After Payroll Data  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Short-term interest rate futures fell  modestly on Friday after U.S. jobs growth for August was in  line with Wall Street expectations, cementing the prospects for  further monetary policy tightening.
White House expresses confidence in embattled Annan UNITED NATIONS, New York: The Bush administration on Thursday eased the pressure it had been putting on Secretary General Kofi Annan since American calls for his resignation, saying for the first time that it had faith in him and did not want to see him
Knicks: Carter puts on a show for Raptors If Vince Carter really wants to be traded, then he must slip a few bucks to the Toronto Raptors #39; video coordinator and ask him to burn a few copies of the DVD from last night #39;s game against the Knicks at Air Canada Centre.
Saudi boosts oil output to rein in prices Saudi Arabia, the world #39;s largest oil exporter, is to raise production from 9.5 million barrels a day to 11 million barrels in an attempt to rein in prices that have topped US\$50 a barrel.
Vodafone, England Cricket Sponsor, Misses Out During Tournament England #39;s cricket players started their Champions Trophy match without Vodafone Group Plc #39;s logo on their uniforms for the first time this year because the world #39;s biggest mobile phone
Stocks Seen Higher Before Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures surged Friday  morning on the back of Intel Corp.'s raised quarterly sales  forecast and lower oil prices, but strategists said the  market's early direction would be dictated by the monthly  employment data due out before the start of trading.
Area sports in brief One of the people free-agent right-hander Carl Pavano wanted to talk to on his trip to Detroit was Tigers pitching coach Bob Cluck.
Hartson double boosts Celts A double from top scorer John Hartson - his 14th and 15th goals of the Scottish Premier League season - fired Celtic back to the top of the SPL table for 24 hours at least on Saturday afternoon.
U.S. Would Allow 720 Snowmobiles Daily at Yellowstone With federal courts in disagreement over how many snowmobiles should be permitted in Yellowstone National Park, the National Park Service proposed a temporary option.
China temporarily suspends IPOs China said Tuesday it will temporarily suspend initial public offerings until it comes up with new rules on share offer pricing. The China Securities Regulatory Commission
Berlin cheers winning bid for 2009 championships Berlin was celebrating on Sunday after winning its bid to host the 2009 world athletics championships, a decision that capped a week of triumph for Germany #39;s capital city.
U.S. Economic Slowdown Was Less Abrupt (Reuters) Reuters - A slowdown in U.S. economic growth\during the second quarter of the year was not as sharp as\previously thought, the Commerce Department reported on\Wednesday, partly because businesses built up inventories at\the strongest rate in four years.
Shell Settles Oil Reserve Fraud Case for \$150.7 Million Shell agreed today to finalized settlements with U.S. and UK regulators over its mis-statement of proven oil reserves.
EU Concludes Talks with Vietnam on WTO (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union has concluded talks\with Vietnam on its entry into the World Trade Organization,\clearing a major hurdle in the Southeast Asian country's\attempts to join the group by 2005.
Notebook: Injured Wistrom will miss 4-6 weeks KIRKLAND - They had managed to avoid the injury bug, for the most part, for the first four games of the season. But misfortune finally caught up with the Seahawks the way it has with a bevy of other NFL teams.
Bankers to face trial in US Three former NatWest investment bankers can be extradited to the United States to face charges of conspiring in an Enron-related fraud, a judge in London ruled yesterday.
Poisoned defense News Corp. #39;s new poison pill is type of measure its shareholders feared it would adopt. By John Paul Rathbone, Breakingviews. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Rupert Murdoch clearly feels spooked by John Malone, the
Boston-area groups ready to offer relief The halls of Unity Sports and Cultural Club in Dorchester will fill with food, water, and tents this week, as the Caribbean club becomes a collection site for supplies headed for hurricane-devastated Grenada.
Crew remain on top of things The Columbus Crew extended their unbeaten streak to an MLS record 14 games in a season with a 1-0 win over visiting DC United last night.
All-American girl ATHENS -- That was then and this is now. That was there and this is here. So which is a bigger moment? Mary Lou Retton #39;s  quot;No-Fault Vault quot; that produced America #39;s first Olympic all-around gold medal in women #39;s ...
Q A: Sun's Marissa Peterson on the company's IT services plans Marissa Peterson, who heads Sun Microsystems' services division, talked this week about the company's efforts to help its managed services partners broaden their reach.
Scientists plan Jurassic archive Researchers say a new programme could help create a DNA database of all life on Earth, ever.
Genesis Samples Arrive at Space Center (AP) AP - Thousands of samples from the Genesis space capsule have arrived at the Johnson Space Center, where the project's curator must assemble a giant jigsaw puzzle that could hold clues to the origins of the solar system.
Ivan's Remnants Flood Parts of East HARRISBURG, Pa. - Rivers swelled with water dumped by Hurricane Ivan's remains from Ohio to Maryland, forcing thousands to evacuate, submerging a stadium and leading one town to haul out snowplows to shovel the muck...
Aid worker kidnapping: Your reaction The charity Care International has suspended its aid operations in Iraq after the abduction of its regional director in Baghdad. Dublin-born Margaret Hassan was seized on her way to work in Baghdad on Tuesday.
Colgate Plans to Cut Work Force by 4,400 and Close Plants Colgate-Palmolive said today that it would close about a third of its 81 factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over the next four years in a major effort to increase profit margins pressured by global competition.
Tiger Woods Feels the Pressure at Oakland Hills  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods accepts  he is under pressure to perform at this week's Ryder Cup.
In Past Tsunamis, Tantalizing Clues to Future Ones Undersea quakes are inevitable. The questions are where and when  and the recent catastrophe may provide clues.
Golf: Round 2 of Canadian Open Resumes Saturday The second round of the Canadian Open golf tournament continues Saturday Glenn Abbey Golf Club in Oakville, Ontario, after play was suspended late Friday due to darkness.
Atlanta Named Third Most Dangerous City A Kansas company #39;s yearly ranking based on crime statistics shows that Camden, New Jersey, has become the nation #39;s most-dangerous city.
Stocks mixed as US, Canadian economies improve, oil edges higher TORONTO (CP) - The Toronto stock market was sent higher Friday morning by improvements in energy stocks as a two-day slide in oil prices skidded to a stop and signs of strong economic growth.
MSN Launches Search Beta (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - On Thursday, Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) MSN division launched a beta version of a search engine that appears designed to compete directly with Web search leader Google.
American Hamm Claims Men's Gymnastics All-Round Crown  ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm etched his name into the  record books as he became the first American man to win the  Olympic gymnastics all-round crown Wednesday.
Rover Finds New Evidence Of Water On Mars LOS ANGELES -- One of NASA #39;s Mars rovers has found a rock that could provide new evidence that water once existed on the red planet.
IT firm blazes trail in revolt-hit Indian Kashmir (AFP) AFP - A Kashmiri company with the motto  quot;Dare to Dream quot; is seeking to tap into India's outsourcing boom and give work to jobless youth in the region, scene of one of the world's deadliest revolts.
India death toll rises to 63 Police in India are blaming separatist rebels for a series of bombings in the country #39;s volatile northeast that killed more than 60 people.
Boeing Says 7e7 Being Developed Without Subsidies PARIS, Sept 23 (AFP) - US aircraft maker Boeing has not received subsidies to finance the developement of its new 7E7 commercial airliner, chief executive Harry Stonecipher said Thrusday, dismissing accusations from European rival EADS.
JPEG Exploit Hits Usenet, Worm Close Behind An exploit attacking the most recent Windows bug is circulating on Usenet, security experts said Tuesday, that crashes machines, yet another indicator that attackers will chase the vulnerability until they #39;ve launched mass mailing-style worm-based attacks
Medical Journal to Be Available Online (AP) AP - A new online medical journal will make its research articles available to the public free of charge and accessible through the Internet.
RIM Launches BlackBerry with Revamped Keyboard Research In Motion Ltd. (RIM.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (RIMM.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , which popularized wireless e-mailing with its thumb-operated BlackBerry
Seiko Epson Develops Micro Flying Robot Seiko Epson Corp. is developing a flying robot that looks like a miniature helicopter and is about the size of a giant bug. The company hopes it'll prove handy for security, disaster rescue and space exploration.
Montgomerie leads World Challenge Names Colin Montgomerie overcame a few obnoxious fans and a pairing with Tiger Woods to post a 4-under-par 67 and take a two-shot lead in the Target World Challenge in Thousand Oaks, Calif., yesterday. Montgomerie was hardly intimidated playing with the tournament host, needing only four holes to put four shots between them on the leaderboard of the 16-man tournament. ...
Iraqi president delays trip to France over hostage crisis Iraqi President Ghazi al-Yawar, who was due in Paris on Sunday to start a European tour, has postponed his visit to France due to the ongoing hostage drama involving two French journalists, Arab diplomats said Friday.
Militants Threaten to Kill US, UK Hostages in Iraq Insurgents threatened on Saturday to cut the throats of two Americans and a Briton seized in Baghdad, and launched a suicide car bomb attack on Iraqi security forces in Kirkuk that killed at least 23 people.
George Bush is an  quot;imbecile quot; says North Korea George Bush seems to be gaining a reputation lately for saying the wrong things in his speeches and diplomacy has been replaced with insults.
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 GREATER BOSTON -- Arlington at Malden, 6:30; Waltham at Cambridge, 7.
Tomahawk chopped TALLAHASSEE -- Virginia was ranked higher than Florida State and looking for its first road win against a top-10 team.
#39;Loser #39; T-shirt pulled from stores By wire services. On Thursday, the clothing retailer recalled the shirt, which had the slogan  quot;L is for Loser quot; next to a picture of a gymnast on the still rings.
Stocks Open Little Changed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Friday as  Wall Street pulled back after a big rally in the previous  session, with shares of computer maker Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;  higher after reporting strong earnings late on Thursday.
Jury rules for franchisees in Shell trial A federal jury awarded more than \$3 million to eight Massachusetts gas station operators after finding Shell Oil Co. used unfair tactics that were effectively intended to drive them out of business.
DaimlerChrysler, union reach deal at Brampton TORONTO - The Canadian Auto Workers have reached a tentative deal on workplace issues to allow DaimlerChrysler to add 900 jobs to its Brampton assembly plant, but the expansion is still awaiting provincial government assistance.
Microsoft defends its software Microsoft has been forced to fight for its lucrative Asian market, following government agreements to switch to other open-source software.
Canada #39;s voice lost amid UN gnashing If you want to know what happens when a country cedes its foreign policy to the United Nations, as Canada has done, all you have to do is look at Sudan.
Darfur Peace Talks Start Amid New Fighting  ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Darfur peace talks kicked off  four days late in Nigeria Monday amid mounting international  concerns of a resurgence of fighting in the remote Sudanese  region.
U.S. Gymnast Goes From Oops to a Gold Medal With spectacular performances on his final two events, American Paul Hamm pulled out one of the biggest comebacks in Olympic gymnastic history.
Fairytale start for DreamWorks shares DreamWorks Animation, the company behind the blockbuster Shrek movies, has enjoyed a fairytale beginning on Wall Street with its share price leaping nearly 40 per cent.
No Mistaking Identity LaVar Arrington, Washington D.C.'s most popular athlete, has endeared himself to the area with a hard-hitting style of linebacking and a soft touch with the fans.
Apple Stock Jumps to 4-Year High on IPod (AP) AP - Apple Computer Inc. stock jumped to a four-year high Monday after a major Wall Street firm nearly doubled its price target on the stock, saying that customer satisfaction with its iPod music player is creating "wildfire word-of-mouth marketing" for its Mac computers and other products.
China Aviation in Talks to Ensure Nation #39;s Jet Fuel Imports China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp., which accounts for almost all of China #39;s jet fuel imports, said it #39;s in talks with suppliers and lenders to ensure deliveries to customers after
Bonds #39; 694th homer not enough Barry Bonds continued to edge closer to the magic 700 home run mark Friday night, blasting a three-run homer -- the 694th of his career -- in the San Francisco Giants #39; 5-3 loss to the Atlanta Braves at Turner Field.
Syria Withdrawing Military From Lebanon Syria, under growing international pressure to end its longtime military presence in Lebanon, began pulling back more than 1,000 of its 20,000 troops on Tuesday, a senior Lebanese military official said.
Cricket: Aussies watch India tumble Australia take control of the first Test, reducing India to 150-6 after posting 474.
Car Bomb Blast Kills 7 US Marines, 3 Iraqi Guardsmen The US military says a car bomb blast killed seven US Marines and three Iraqi national guardsmen in a military convoy on the outskirts of Fallujah.
Russia Could Finish Kyoto Approval by Year-End Russia could ratify the Kyoto Protocol by the end of the year and kick-start global attempts to control climate change, Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Zhukov said on Thursday.
Bush vs. Kerry: President Bush plans to continue improving the economy if he wins the 2004 election through his reforms and six-point plan. For all the families in the United States who have lost loved ones
EU may back Santanders bid for Abbey Europes biggest cross-border financial services deal in recent years was given a significant boost over the weekend when Mario Monti, European Union competition chief, in effect confirmed that EU regulators would approve the 8.
Government not guns the Irish sticking point Northern Ireland has taken another small step in the slow march towards restoring home rule this weekend with tacit promises from the IRA to end militant activity once and for all.
Losing 60 years of experience STUART Rose conceded that more than 60 years of Marks  amp; Spencer experience was walking away with the clutch of top-tier departures.
Siemens backs new wireless technology The company teams up with Flarion, which makes a new kind of wireless technology that competes with Wi-Fi and 3G cellular.
Review: E-Mail Program Lacks 'Wow' Factor (AP) AP - The Firefox browser has become an instant sensation, in just a few weeks gaining impressively against Microsoft Corp.'s market-leading but malware-beleaguered Internet Explorer.
Take the trouble to block WiFi poachers If you have wireless Internet access at home, your next-door neighbor could have it as well, without paying for it. He can just use yours. No problem if he's just shopping on Amazon.com or e-mailing Grandma. But what if he's sending spam messages or downloading kiddie porn?
2nd UPDATE: Temasek Cuts SingTel Stake; Raises S\$800M SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore #39;s state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings Pte Ltd. Friday said it sold a 2 stake in Singapore Telecommunications Ltd.
Rugby: Australia win Tri-Nations A rampant Australia thrash Great Britain at Elland Road to win the Tri-Nations trophy.
Germany Awaits Spain Extradition Request (AP) AP - German authorities on Saturday said they were awaiting a formal request from Spain to extradite a Syrian-German businessman suspected of being a key al-Qaida figure.
Software Co. PeopleSoft Tightens IBM Ties (AP) AP - Business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. strengthened its ties with technology giant IBM Corp. on Tuesday, hoping to boost its recently sagging sales as it continues to fight Oracle Corp.'s  #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover bid.
Iraqi police make gruesome discovery in Baiji BBaiji - Three decapitated bodies were found north of Baghdad on Wednesday and are believed to be the corpses of foreigners, Iraqi security forces said.
Microsoft Releases MOM 2005 to Manufacturing (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The latest version of its Microsoft Operations Manager includes 20 new Microsoft Management Packs that encapsulate intimate knowledge about how specific applications should work, with the aims of cutting operational cost and complexity.
Greece gets onto Security Council For only the second time in its history, Greece has been awarded a non-permanent seat in the UN Security Council after a vote in New York yesterday.
San Antonio Spurs SAN ANTONIO (Ticker) -- The San Antonio Spurs are using quick starts to finish off their foes. Bruce Bowen fueled another early surge as the Spurs jumped to a big lead and coasted to their third straight win, a 109-76 victory over the Utah Jazz .
Six Egyptians Kidnapped in Baghdad Gunmen abducted six Egyptians working for Iraq's mobile phone company, seizing two in a bold raid on the firm's Baghdad office and the others outside the capital, officials said Friday, the latest in a string of kidnappings that have underscored the country's fragile security.
Get Your Free Credit Report I #39;ve heard that some people will now have free access to their credit reports. How do I get mine? Whether or not you can get a free credit report depends on where you live.
No-frills profit boost for Ryanair No-frills airline Ryanair posted a forecast-beating jump in half-year profit after its low fares drew in summer passengers and was surprisingly upbeat on the full year, boosting its shares.
Israeli Shelling Kills 3 in Gaza Camp -Witnesses  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli forces hunting Palestinian  militants shelled a Gaza Strip refugee camp on Friday, killing  at least three people and wounding several others, witnesses  and medical officials said.
Mass Graves Found In Iraq The remains are being unearthed as part of an investigation looking for evidence to use against Saddam Hussein in his future trial.
India-Pakistan spat ahead of Kashmir talks With India pulling out a large number of troops from Kashmir, the guns may have fallen silent but the verbal dual between India and Pakistan is nowhere near an end.
Nintendo Ups DS Console Shipment Target  TOKYO (Reuters) - Nintendo Co. Ltd. raised its 2004  shipment target for its DS handheld video game device by 40  percent to 2.8 million units on Thursday after many stores in  Japan and the United States sold out in the first week of  sales.
Robust Tech Earnings Can #39;t Shake Tough Outlook A slew of third-quarter earnings reports dominated technology and telecommunications stocks last week. Much of the news was positive, with key players posting impressive earnings growth, but the December quarter outlook remained unclear for some.
Controversy may be just what NASCAR needs The tornado that was Talladega has swept up the NASCAR nation and dropped it in, of all places, the land of Oz. With the tumult of Talladega fresh in its psyche, NASCAR is hoping on one hand
Stocks to Watch on Thursday, August 19 Clothing retailer Limited Brands, whose chains include the Limited, Express, Victoria #39;s Secret and Bath  amp; Body Works, posted a sharply higher quarterly profit on Thursday. The company saw a rise in sales at stores open at least a year. Its shares closed ...
Champions League roundup In Europe, soccer clubs continued their efforts in final group matches to reach the knockout stage of the Champions League tournament.
Group Takes Issue with iTunes #39; Pricing A London-based consumer group says Apple #39;s iTunes music download-service is overcharging customers in the United Kingdom by 17 percent compared to those in France and Germany.
Not a perfect match When does winning 18 consecutive games matter less than winning 17? When No. 17 is a Super Bowl triumph that caps the first undefeated season in NFL history -- a season in which the team leads the league in total offense, total defense, points scored, and points allowed. Members of the 1972 Miami Dolphins are quick to mention that their ...
Eidos Announces Hitman: Blood Money Eidos has announced the next installment in the Hitman fanchise titled Hitman: Blood Money, it #39;ll be released in spring 2005 for Playstation 2, Xbox, and PC.
Sharon and Abbas Say They Are Willing to Meet (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said in interviews\published Sunday they would be willing to meet, though such\talks were unlikely before a Jan. 9 Palestinian election.
Allied Domecq profits edge up as sales lose fizz (AFP) AFP - British drinks giant Allied Domecq, maker of Beefeater gin, Courvoiser cognac and Malibu rum, posted a six-percent rise in annual pretax profits as sales of spirits and wines stagnated.
United reaches tentative deal with pilots United Airlines, the bankrupt carrier, on Tuesday made its first progress in efforts to achieve a second round of labour cost cuts when it said it had reached a tentative agreement
Marsh  amp; McLennan to Lay Off 3,000 The Marsh  amp; McLennan Company, the troubled insurance and investment company, said today that it would lay off 3,000 employees, or roughly 5 percent of its work force, as it moved to right
Video games muscle in on movies Traces of the word  quot;video quot; linger beneath a new sign that just went up on a suburban Blockbuster store here. In its place hangs
HP pressured to sell PC business after IBM SEATTLE, DEC 9: Hewlett-Packard Co will be under pressure to sell its personal computer business after IBM #39;s decision to sell its PC operations to China #39;s top PC manufacturer, but analysts said the No 2 computer maker would hold on to its \$25 billion PC
Activists: Afghan women no better off (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Human-rights organizations criticized the Bush administration Wednesday, saying in the three years since the Taliban was ousted from most of Afghanistan, the U.S. has not fulfilled promises of safety, freedom, education and health care for Afghan women.
Leaders overlook Palestinian sentiment American policymakers and statesmen believe the Middle East is better off without Yasser Arafat. Madeline Albright said Arafat  quot;was viewed as an obstacle to peace, both by the Israelis and
Cuba Moves to Stop Trade in U.S. Dollars (AP) AP - Moving to wean its communist economic system from the U.S. currency, Cuba said that dollars will no longer be accepted at island businesses and stores in a dramatic change in how commercial transactions have been done here in more than a decade.
Europeans, U.S. agree on resolution to curb nuclear access at key UN meeting (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VIENNA, Austria (AP) - The majority of countries at a key meeting of the UN atomic watchdog agency agreed Friday on the wording of a resolution meant to curb Iran's access to technology that could be used to make nuclear weapons and setting an indirect deadline on Tehran to meet their conditions.
Trade Deficit Swells to Record \$55B America #39;s trade deficit swelled to an all-time high of \$55.5 billion in October as imports -- including those from China -- surged to the loftiest levels on record.
Golf: Delighted Woods demolishes field for first Japan tour win MIYAZAKI, Japan : Tiger Woods said he was on the way back to his world-beating best after demolishing the field at the Dunlop Phoenix golf tournament for his first title on the Japan tour.
Delta To Cut Wages, CEO Forgoes Pay Delta Air Lines is to cut wages by 10 percent and its chief executive will go unpaid for the rest of the year, but it still warned of bankruptcy within weeks unless more cuts are made.
Virgin #39;s Branson to offer commercial space flights This week, Sir Richard Branson announced his new company, Virgin Galactic, has the rights to the first commercial flights into space.
Twists abound as Raiders meet  #39;Raiders East #39; The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have been dubbed  quot;Raiders East, quot; after former Oakland general manager Bruce Allen joined them this season, two years after ex-Raiders coach Jon Gruden jumped coasts.
Wife's Illness Gives Coach Perspective (AP) AP - Michigan State coach John L. Smith sat in his office last week contemplating football  #151; and life.
BellSouth: Retiree Costs to Cut Q4 Earns  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BLS.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday its new labor contract had triggered a \$3.3 billion  increase in its estimates of future retiree medical costs,  reducing fourth-quarter earnings by 3 cents to 4 cents a share.
Cards RB Smith leaves game with toe injury TEMPE, Ariz. (Nov. 28, 2004) -- Emmitt Smith was knocked out of the game against the New York Jets in the first quarter with a toe injury.
BT denies fiddling prices on Advent Calendar sales promo URL 'manipulation' yields unpublished discounts
Update 4: Kuwait Foreign Minister Discusses Oil Kuwait #39;s foreign minister said Wednesday that Middle East oil exporters are producing at maximum capacity to stabilize prices that are being driven up by speculators from outside the region.
Bush Environment Record an Issue in Nev. (AP) AP - For environmentalists hoping to turn anger at President Bush into electoral votes for John Kerry, the biggest and perhaps only field of dreams is a nuclear waste dump site in Nevada.
Sony Plans European Ad Blitz to Stifle iTunes Sony Corp. next week will launch a marketing blitz in Europe for its new Connect music download store, its latest effort to derail the
A second explosion rocks Baghdads Green Zone Another car bomb struck at a checkpoint leading to Baghdad #39;s Green Zone government compound early Tuesday, 24 hours after a similar attack on the same checkpoint, a US military spokesman and Iraqi police said.
ATI announces HyperMemory tech ATI HAS developed a new technology to allow system memory to be fully utilised by graphics boards, it said today. The extra bandwidth of the PCI Express bus means that shuttling data to and fro between the
IBM will settle part of pension lawsuit International Business Machines Corp. said yesterday it will pay at least \$300 million to settle part of a lawsuit that claimed the firm #39;s pension plan discriminated against older workers.
Peres Warns Israeli Extremists Might Try to Assassinate Sharon Opposition leader Shimon Peres voiced fears today that Israeli extremists may try to assassinate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon because of their anger over his plan to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip.
Canada renews plan to decriminalise pot possession OTTAWA: The Canadian government signalled its intention on Monday to re-introduce legislation to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Hyundai Recalls 120,000 Elantras in U.S.  DETROIT (Reuters) - Hyundai Motor Co. Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=005380.KS target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;005380.KS&lt;/A&gt; is  recalling about 120,000 Elantra sedans sold in the United  States because of a possible problem with deployment of their  airbags.
Let #39;s hear it for the Heels Well, I was wrong about North Carolina #39;s matchup with UConn ... and am happy to be wrong. This is not to say anything against UConn.
Phone defect could affect hearing Blaring disconnection melody in some Siemens phones could potentially cause ear damage.
Storm Jeanne death toll at 100 GONAVES, HaitiTropical storm Jeanne swept northern Haiti with flash floods, killing at least 90 people and leaving dozens of families huddled on rooftops before pushing into the Atlantic east of the Bahamas, officials said.
Conway Admits 'Vilifying' Oracle Bid The former chief executive of PeopleSoft admitted today that he responded to a hostile takeover bid from Oracle with a campaign of "vilification."
NCAA Game Summary - Southern California at BYU The Cougars turned the ball over four times...The Trojans made their first ever visit to Provo...Bush posted his first career 100-yard rushing game.
Where'd the Term 'Blue Chip' Come From? You know, this is information that you just can't get anyplace else. Unless you look for it.
Heinz meets forecasts in 1Q Ketchup maker saw its profit fall 9 as it spun off units to Del Monte, but new items boosted sales. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Ketchup manufacturer HJ Heinz Co.
Red Hat to acquire Netscape network security software Red Hat has announced plans to acquire network security software from Netscape #39;s Enterprise Suite, adding it to its Open Source Architecture, The company says they will distribute it as open-source software, according to statements from company executives
Urban Cowboy (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Walk into the Urban Outfitters in Manhattan's West Village and you're tempted to sit down on one of the white vinyl benches near the entrance. From there you can admire the antique armoire with mirrored front, along with champagne flutes, martini shakers and small metallic Christmas trees. There are plenty of casual clothes for young women and men (target age: 18-30), as well as accessories, furniture, books, gifts, makeup and soaps. If you want shoes, you have to go to the back of the store near the registers, where the display is archly arranged to resemble a woman's dressing room.
Update: Intel Q3 revenue slightly higher than new expectations Third-quarter revenue was \$8.47 billion, up 8 percent from last year's third-quarter revenue of \$7.83 billion. Intel shipped a record number of processors in the quarter, but it had forecast even higher growth coming off of its second-quarter earnings conference call.
Consumer confidence falls NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The confidence of US consumers worsened in November, a research firm said Tuesday, with the number falling below Wall Street #39;s expectations.
Vodafone targets iPod generation Vodafone is targeting the iPod generation with its third-generation cell phones, putting music and video downloading at the heart of its sales push.
Creditors to Write Off Most of Iraq #39;s Debt US Treasury Secretary John Snow, left, and his German counterpart Hans Eichel, shake hands during the G20 conference of finance ministers and central bank governors in Berlin on Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004.
Plan to ask Cambodian King to stay on Cambodians are awaiting the outcome of a trip to China by one of the country #39;s leaders, who is hoping to coax King Norodom Sihanouk into reversing his decision to abdicate.
Intel planning Centrino-like brand for desktops Corporate customers will be pitched PCs that can be centrally managed and partitioned, in addition to security features.
GOLF ROUNDUP: Sorenstam, Woods, Couples go for skins Fred Couples returns as defending champion and the most successful player in Skins Game history. Tiger Woods comes in as the most popular player in golf, and Adam Scott is the third man in the field because he won The Players Championship in March.
Berlusconi Ally Sentenced to 9 Years in Mafia Trial (Reuters) Reuters - An Italian court found a close\political ally and business associate of Prime Minister Silvio\Berlusconi guilty of colluding with the Mafia, and sentenced\him on Saturday to nine years in prison.
FLYi Says Bankruptcy Possible; Airline Shares Lose Altitude Shares of FLYi Inc., operator of fledgling low-cost carrier Independence Air, dove as much as 36 percent in Wednesday trading after the company confirmed it may file for bankruptcy if it is unable to make \$83 million aircraft lease payments in January.
Love match turns to hate as Russian stars attack Maria Since winning Wimbledon as a virtually unknown 17-year-old last summer, Maria Sharapova has emerged as one of the world #39;s top ranked tennis players.
Panasonic demos first international 3G handset Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd. unveiled in Beijing on Tuesday its first WCDMA (Wideband Code Division Multiple Access) cell phone for the international market, the company said in Tokyo.
Reds elect not to sign Larkin for 20th year The Cincinnati Reds informed their captain they aren #39;t interested in keeping him around for another season. Instead, the Reds will replace the 40-year-old shortstop with two unproven youngsters.
Double overtime does in Terriers First-year coach Kelly Greenberg brought her Boston University squad to Philadelphia yesterday to face the team she played for in the late '80s. After 50 minutes of basketball, Greenberg had to leave the City of Brotherly Love with a loss, an 89-87 double-overtime thriller against La Salle.
'Cards' stacked for US It's called the US Open, and though fewer than a fifth of the competitors this year are US-born, it's not because the US Tennis Association hasn't tried to get more Americans. All 16 of the wild cards in men's and women's singles were awarded to Americans, even at the expense of the men's NCAA champion, Benjamin Becker ...
Eight US marines killed in Iraq Eight US marines are reported to have been killed and at least nine are said to be injured during an attack west of Baghdad. The US military gave no details on the deaths, which it said occurred in the western
eBay to clean up racial slurs Madison City Councilwoman Cynthia McCollum played a key role in the National League of Cities #39; negotiations with eBay to limit the use of racially derogatory words on listings on eBay #39;s Web site.
FDA panel backs drug from firm to be acquired by Genzyme Genzyme Corp.'s not-yet-completed \$1 billion acquisition of Ilex Oncology Inc. appeared to pay off yesterday when an advisory committee to the Food and Drug Administration recommended the agency approve Ilex's experimental cancer treatment for children with certain types of leukemia.
Plate umpire O #39;Nora ill, game delayed Plate umpire Brian O #39;Nora became ill during the game between the Atlanta Braves and New York Mets on Wednesday night, causing a delay of nine minutes.
MS Windows besieged by hackers The number of cyber attacks on Windows operating system rose by 400pc between January June of this year, computer security company Symantec said today.
TD acquires Banknorth stake Banknorth branches across New England will become TD Banknorth under an agreement yesterday that gives Canada's TD Bank Financial Group a controlling stake in New England's largest independent bank.
Artful Software Spots Faked Masterpieces The method could also be used to determine if more than one hand was involved in creating the work, something physical forensic science has never been able to do.
Nearly half European birds species at risk threatened that they may disappear soon due to intensive agriculture and climate change, scientists say.  quot;The number of bird species in trouble across Europe is rising, quot; said BirdLife, a British-based conservation group.
S. Korea Urges US To Push for Arms Talks SEOUL, Nov 6 -- South Korean President Roh Moo Hyun telephoned President Bush to propose that solving the nuclear crisis involving North Korea be a priority for Bush #39;s second term in office.
European probe of Intel expanded The European Commission on Wednesday expanded its investigation to determine whether public institutions in Europe gave an unfair advantage to Intel Corp.
Karzai Set to Be Afghan President in Ring of Steel (Reuters) Reuters - Hamid Karzai was due to be sworn in as\Afghanistan's first popularly elected President on Tuesday at a\ceremony attended by two of the figures most responsible for\easing him into power.
Halliburton may shed KBR Unit, a big operator in Iraq, will be separated if it doesn #39;t perform after restructuring. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co.
NASA delays shuttle #39;s spring 2005 launch date HOUSTON NASA has put off the first shuttle flight since the Columbia disaster because hurricanes postponed work on new safety measures.
Genesis wreck still promises data Genesis Principal Investigator and Lead Scientist Dr. Don Burnett examines material recovered from the Genesis impact site. Inset: Shattered contents of the craft #39;s science canister.
Highlands Snaps 25-Game Losing Streak (AP) AP - It was known simply as "The Streak" in northern New Mexico, a 25-game skid that began in November 2001. And now it's finally over.
Vivendi rings up blistering third-quarter profits PARIS, Nov 17 (AFP) - Media and mobile telephone group Vivendi Universal said on Wednesday that third-quarter profits had risen by nearly six-fold and upgraded its full-year profit outlook owing to a change in tax arrangements.
Stock Futures Flat Before GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were little changed  on Friday before data on third-quarter gross domestic product,  the broadest measure of U.S. economic growth, which was  expected to set the tone for early stock trading.
A Gusher Of Cash For Domestic Drilling While the rest of the country frets over surging energy prices, a small but growing group of businesses is fueling a boom of sorts in the US oil patch.
Microsoft: The reality behind the image CNET News.com's Charles Cooper explains why the company remains wildly successful despite a string of mediocre product launches.
Japan appeals for hostage #39;s release Japanese officials tried Thursday to contact the Iraqi militants holding a Japanese hostage, as the 48-hour deadline for his threatened execution approached.
Yahoo #39;s Redesign Embraces RSS As part of its site revamp launched on Tuesday, Yahoo Inc. further embraced XML syndication technology by mixing feeds from Weblogs and other sites more prominently into its My Yahoo service.
NY Mets at Atlanta, 1:05 PM FLUSHING, New York (Ticker) -- The Atlanta Braves and the New York Mets continue their five-game series following a doubleheader split Monday.
Repo rate hike a short-term signal RBI deputy governor on Tuesday said the increase in the overnight repo rate was a short-term signal aimed at tackling price stability.
Giggs goal kick-starts United The failure of Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes to muster a Premiership goal between them has been one of the major factors why the Red Devils have fallen so far adrift of Chelsea and Arsenal during an inconsistent first third of the season.
Bayern urge Klinsmann to end Kahn-Lehmann battle Bayern Munich have pleaded with Germany trainer Juergen Klinsmann to put an end to the bitter dispute between goalkeepers Oliver Kahn and Arsenal #39;s Jens Lehmann.
Insurgents hammer central Baghdad, 25 dead in surge of violence in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgents hammered central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital
Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - Former Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; Chief  Financial Officer Michael Sears pleaded guilty on Monday to one  felony count of aiding the illegal hiring of a U.S. Air Force  official to a top job at the company.
Sunflower oil boost to car future UK scientists develop a process for making hydrogen from sunflower oil which may become an important future source of eco-friendly energy.
Zimbabwe court drops paper case Charges against four directors of Zimbabwe's banned Daily News newspaper are dropped by a court, citing insufficient evidence.
World economy 'in good health' The head of the International Monetary Fund says the world economy is at its strongest point for five years.
Rates have peaked, says City A sharp and surprising downturn in Britain #39;s economy made the City predict yesterday that interest rates have peaked, and signs emerged that the higher cost of borrowing is putting the brakes on the housing market and the manufacturing sector.
US punishes troops over stun guns Four members of a US special operations unit in Iraq are disciplined for using electric stun guns on prisoners.
Kodak to buy imaging business of Natl Semi; no terms NEW YORK (AFX)--Eastman Kodak Tuesday said it agreed to buy the imaging business of National Semiconductor for undisclosed terms. The business develops and makes metal oxide semiconductor image sensor devices.
Google Investors Revel in Stock's Success (AP) AP - To all of the Wall Street naysayers, the talking heads and the bearish doubters, Cyndi Mackell and her 120 shares of Google Inc. have something to say.
Oracle #39;s Bid for PeopleSoft to Get EU Clearance, People Say Oracle Corp. will win unconditional European Union approval for its \$7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft Inc., ending the longest-ever merger review by EU antitrust regulators, according to people familiar with the situation.
Verizon deal lets Philadelphia move with wireless plan (MacCentral) MacCentral - The city of Philadelphia has reached an agreement with Verizon Communications Inc. that will let the municipal government deploy a citywide Wi-Fi network, but a carrier-backed bill that would let incumbent carriers block such projects has been signed into law by Pennsylvania's governor.
D Wayne does it his way again It was typical of D Wayne Lukas that he chose to reveal an unexpected change of plan for Azeri, in American eyes the  quot;marquee quot; horse of the Breeders #39; Cup meeting, at the moment of maximum effect.
Jana vows to return JANA Pittman, the girl who had no right to even be in an Olympic final, today ran her heart out but ultimately finished just out of the medals in the 400m hurdles final.
Rooney Needs to Make Up Ground Wayne Rooney will have to improve considerably on his showing last season if he is to make an impact at Manchester United, according to the Actim Index.
Saudi Arabia takes credit for lower oil prices Leading OPEC producer Saudi Arabia said on Monday in Vienna, Austria, that it had made a renewed effort to deflate record high world oil prices by upping crude output again.
Pride, Prizes Aplenty as Tennis Year Nears Climax  LONDON (Reuters) - Although the grand slam silverware has  been doled out for the 2004 season there is still much pride  and prize money to play for as the tennis year creeps toward  its climax.
Is Multimedia Games a Buy? Multimedia Games might appear cheap, but most investors should stick to the bigger slot makers.
Milosevic says Serbs not guilty Ex-Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic denies Serbs committed war crimes he is accused of orchestrating.
Santa Clara Shocks 4th-Ranked North Carolina OAKLAND, Calif. (Sports Network) - Travis Niesen scored a career-high 26 points, Kyle Bailey added 20 and Santa Clara shocked No. 4 North Carolina with a 77-66 victory in a Pete Newell Challenge game at The Arena.
US Economy: Leading Indicators, Manufacturing Index Slow Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- The index of leading US economic indicators fell in July and Philadelphia-area manufacturing expanded at a slower pace this month, signs that record energy prices are keeping growth from accelerating.
UN Council Heads to Kenya in Search of Sudan Peace UN Security Council ambassadors were still quibbling over how best to pressure Sudan and rebels to end two different wars in the country even as they left for Kenya on Tuesday for a meeting on the crisis.
Malaysian woman reclaims  quot;Scorpion Queen quot; title with new world &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KUALA LUMPUR : A Malaysian woman has overcome 17 scorpion bites to set a new world record by spending 36 days in a glass cage with 6,069 of the poisonous arachnids.
Karzai #39;s Running Mate Survives Attack KABUL, Afghanistan Oct. 6, 2004 - Campaigning for Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential election ended with a burst of violence Wednesday as attackers set off a bomb in a failed effort to kill interim
Mysteries of San Andreas Fault Are Explored by a Drill Dubbed by the National Science Foundation as a modern-day journey to the center of the earth, a \$250 million project uses a drill to explore the San Andreas fault.
Stocks Are Up Despite Rising Oil Prices NEW YORK - Buyers put a positive spin on equities Wednesday, shrugging off rising crude futures as Google Inc. prepared to sell its stock in an initial public offering, albeit it at a far lower price than previously forecast...
Cambodia abdication confirmed Cambodia's King Sihanouk ignores appeals for him not to abdicate, as attention focuses on the succession.
Iraq supply helps steady oil price SINGAPORE -- The restoring of oil exports from Iraq helped keep prices steady in Asia Tuesday but concerns over supply stability continues to keep the market near historic highs.
Football: Ferguson celebrates win Sir Alex Ferguson is "ecstatic" as Man Utd reach the Champions League knockout stage by beating Lyon.
Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam ..... The Microsoft chairman receives four million e-mails a day, but practically an entire department at the company he founded is dedicated to ensuring that nothing unwanted gets into his inbox, the companys chief executive said today.
Global Crossing Founder Escapes SEC Charges Reports said that the SEC felt that Global Crossing founder Gary Winnick #39;s role as non-executive chairman, which is often a position that has limited knowledge of day-to-day operations of a
Yankees Rebound to Defeat Indians 5-3 (AP) AP - The scoreboard was reset to zero, all the runs and hits from the previous day wiped away. Orlando Hernandez and Jorge Posada then went out and restored some order at Yankee Stadium.
Blair undergoes heart operation British Prime Minister Tony Blair has had a successful operation for recurrent heart palpitations and is doing well, Sky TV reported on Friday.
Microsoft May Do More Shopping PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA -- Microsoft may make more large acquisitions than it has done historically and become a more distributed company as opposed to moving key employees to its Redmond, Washington, headquarters, Chief Financial Officer John Connors said
System X drops back p2pnet.net News:- Last november, Virginia Tech #39;s Mac-based System X was ranked as the third-fastest computer on the planet. The rebuilt Mac has since,  quot;squeezed out a few more teraflops, but it probably won
US Air Flight Attendants Ready for Strike  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Flight attendants at bankrupt US  Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; have authorized their union to  call a strike should a federal court allow airline management  to void their contract, the Association of Flight Attendants  said on Monday.
Tour to Honor U.S. Women's Soccer Team (AP) AP - A 10-city farewell tour for longtime U.S. soccer stars Mia Hamm, Julie Foudy and Joy Fawcett will kick off Sept. 25 in Rochester.
Use Linux and you &lt;cite&gt;will&lt;/cite&gt; be sued, Ballmer tells governments Lawsuit doom over 228 'stolen' patents predicted
WPP #39;s Mega Ad Buy What are weekends for? In the mergers and acquisitions game, it is usually meant for structuring mega deals. That was the case with WPP Group #39;s (Nasdaq: WPPGY) \$1.
China Mine Blast Death Toll Rises to 66 (AP) AP - Desperate to know their loved ones' fates, grieving relatives scuffled with guards Friday at the scene of China's worst mining accident this year as rescue workers pulled more bodies out of a mine shaft choked with poison gas.
Iranian Hardliners Unhappy with Nuclear Deal  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian hard-liners are angered over a  deal Tehran has agreed with the European Union to suspend all  activities related to its enrichment program in a bid to end an  international standoff over its nuclear program.
EU Allows More Catches of Exotic Deep-Sea Fish (Reuters) Reuters - EU fisheries ministers agreed quotas\on Tuesday for new member states to catch deepwater fish,\exotic but threatened species that are fast becoming an\alternative to mainstays like cod and hake, officials said.
Cendant offers \$1bn for Orbitz Travel company Cendant, the owner of Avis and Budget car hire firms, is in advanced talks to buy travel website Orbitz for \$1bn. Orbitz was started by five US airlines in 2000 and floated on Nasdaq for \$300m in December 2003.
Napster creator reveals next step Napster creator Shawn Fanning introduces a new licensed file-sharing service with unlimited choice of tracks.
Calif. to host greatest garage sale ever The state is holding a rummage sale to get rid of a whole bunch of unwanted stuff. SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is holding a rummage sale to dispose of unwanted state property from aircraft engines to jewelry.
Virgin launches online music service Virgin Digital, the online arm of the Virgin Group, will launch an online music service Monday aimed at replicating on the Net the success of its offline chain of retail music stores.
Turkish Truck Driver, Iraqi Found Dead (AP) AP - Police found the bodies of a slain Turkish truck driver and an Iraqi man on a highway in northern Iraq, a Turkish diplomat said Saturday.
It #39;s time for US action on global warming The Bush administration would like to throw cold water on the idea of doing anything substantive about global warming. But the heat should be on the president until the United States limits emissions of greenhouse gases.
N.F.L. Suspends Lewis Two Games for Drug Case Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games without pay by the N.F.L. for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
AmWest in talks to buy ATA, report says America West Airlines is in talks to buy all or part of ATA Holdings Corp., parent of ATA Airlines, the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday night on its Web site.
US Postal dominate Vuelta opener LEON, Spain -- The all-conquering US Postal squad left arch-rival T-Mobile trailing to win the opening team time trial stage of the Tour of Spain (La Vuelta) cycle race on Saturday.
NASA to Use Sweden Balloon Launch Area (AP) AP - Already a leading launch area for scientific balloons in northern Europe, operations at Sweden's Esrange launch facility will expand next year with NASA's decision to use it for launches of its largest scientific balloons, a spokesman said Tuesday.
Fannie Mae Shares Fall on Accounting Woes (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of U.S. mortgage finance\giant Fannie Mae  tumbled on Thursday after the\Securities and Exchange Commission said the company must\restate earnings because of accounting problems.
Inconclusive start sets up potential Sunday Skins bonanza The first nine holes of the Merrill Lynch Skins Game decided, well, almost nothing Saturday. On a day that saw the fewest skins won in the 22-year history of the event
UK Betting gets Euro 2004 boost Online gaming and sports content firm UK Betting reduces its first-half losses, helped by cost cuts and big events like Euro 2004.
Arsenal under pressure as Chelsea, Man Utd Win English Premiere League leaders Chelsea continued their good form in the recent weeks with another spectacular win over Charlton Athletic.
Iraq to stick to election timetable: Iraqi PM Visiting Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Sunday his government was going to stickto the January election timetable despite the unstable situation in the country
Tremors rock earth deep beneath San Andreas Fault Mysterious tremors deep beneath the San Andreas Fault near the quake-prone town of Parkfield are shaking the earth #39;s brittle crust, far below the region where earthquakes normally strike -- and scientists say they can #39;t understand what #39;s happening or what
Umpire leaves Mariners-Rangers game First-base umpire Ed Montague left Sunday #39;s game between the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers before the start of the fifth inning because of an elevated blood pressure.
United Says It Must Cut Costs an Additional \$500 Million United Airlines said on Friday that it would need about \$500 million more in annual cost cuts, in addition to the \$655 million now planned.
Impressions of Search Engine Strategies Stockholm Last week, Search Engine Strategies made its debut in Sweden, drawing attendees from all over Scandinavia, Europe and even Africa and India.
Apple kit rated five out of five by... er... Apple AppleStore buyers' ratings scheme limited to non-Apple products
Springboks win Tri-Nations title to complete amazing recovery (AFP) AFP - South Africa completed one of the great u-turns in rugby union history by beating Australia 23-19 to lift the Tri-Nations trophy a second time.
Amazon to Take Searches on Web to a New Depth Amazon.com, the e-commerce giant, plans to take aim at the Internet search king Google with a new advanced technology.
US Space Agency Chief Resigns After Presiding Over Major Changes The head of the US space agency, NASA, has resigned after a tumultuous three years in office that included the loss of a space shuttle and its seven astronauts.
Iraq urges donors to release cash Iraq's deputy PM asks nations meeting in Tokyo to fulfil pledges of aid, saying it is key to "beating terrorism".
West Antarctic glaciers speed up The glaciers in West Antarctica have substantially increased their rate of shrinkage compared with the 1990s. US-Chilean teams report to the journal Science that the glaciers are losing 60 more ice into the
Caribbean Islands Prepare for Hurricane BRIDGETOWN, Barbados Sept. 7, 2004 - Islanders scrambled to put up storm shutters and buy water ahead of Hurricane Ivan, as it churned toward Barbados with 105 mph winds just days after Hurricane Frances tore across the Caribbean.
Softbank Acquiring Cable  amp; Wirless British telecommunications company Cable  amp; Wireless PLC is selling its Japanese business to Tokyo-based broadband services provider Softbank Corp.
Prosecutor Seeks 8-Year Jail Term for Italy's PM (Reuters) Reuters - An Italian prosecutor asked a court on\Friday to sentence Silvio Berlusconi to eight years in jail for\bribing judges as the prime minister's four-year corruption\trial reached its closing stages.
Firm Develops All-Purpose Memory Cards (AP) AP - A leading Japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick.
Oil pipeline ablaze A DOMESTIC oil pipeline east of the Iraqi capital was ablaze today amid a wave of attacks against oil infrastructure in this volatile country, witnesses said.
Whats Next For Google - ISP, Browser, Desktop Search? What's Next For Google - ISP, Browser, Desktop Search?\\Google has had a meteoric rise to stardom. I remember an article I saw in PC World Indian Edition in the year 1999 which mentioned this small startup with a funny name. I passed it on like yet another search engine which ...
'Dream Team' Out of Gold Race After Loss to Argentina  ATHENS (Reuters) - United States failed to reach the men's  basketball final for the first time in 16 years and Italy  shocked previously unbeaten Lithuania Friday to set up an  Olympic gold medal game that nobody expected.
First Enron Criminal Case Set for Trial  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Nearly three years after Enron Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; dramatic collapse into bankruptcy, the first  criminal trial against the disgraced energy company's former  employees is set to kick off on Monday.
Stock Market Rally Fueled by Cheaper Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil is still king on Wall Street --  and if you don't believe it, just take a look at this year's  stock market charts.
Vulnerability allows scammers to hijack pop-ups Security researchers warned today of a vulnerability in most Web browsers that could allow scammers to launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on trusted Web sites.
Party of Brazil's President Party Stronger In its first electoral test since taking power 21 months ago, the party of Brazil's left-leaning president emerged stronger from nationwide municipal elections but could not come in first in the country's biggest and most important city, Sao Paulo.
Formula One supremo Ecclestone faces legal challenge (AFP) AFP - A legal dispute which is expected to be a decisive factor in whether rights holder Bernie Ecclestone continues to dominate Formula One racing began.
Swimmer issues crowd plea Alexandros Taxildaros is hoping to have a large home crowd behind him when he begins his Paralympic campaign next week. One of 12 swimmers who will be representing the host nation, he certainly
Bush to Aid 'Moderate' Parties in Iraq Election  WASHINGTON (Reuters) -  The Bush administration plans to  give strategic advice, training and polling data to what it  deems as "moderate and democratic" Iraqi political parties with  candidates running in the country's upcoming elections,  government documents show.
North Korea says resumption of six-nation talks depends on US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; North Korea on Tuesday accused the administration of US President George W. Bush of using a dispute over its nuclear weapons program to gain votes in next week #39;s presidential election.
Tigers #39; Monroe facing theft charge in Charlotte County Detroit Tigers outfielder Craig Monroe was arrested for allegedly stealing a \$29.99 belt from a department store, a records clerk at Charlotte County jail said Tuesday.
Sweden #39;s Soderling clinches first ATP Tour title Swede Robin Soderling clinched the first ATP Tour title of his career when he tamed Belgium #39;s Xavier Malisse 6-2 3-6 6-4 in the final of the Lyon Grand Prix on Sunday.
Guatemala Shuts Out Bolivia 1-0 Carlos Ruiz led Guatemala to a 1-0 win over Bolivia in an international exhibition at RFK Stadium on Saturday night.
Iraq's Allawi to Meet With Jordan Exiles (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ayad Allawi will travel to Jordan on Tuesday to meet with Iraqis outside the country as part of attempts to get as many Iraqis as possible to participate in upcoming elections, diplomats and Iraqi officials said.
A Whole New Line Pakistani editors invited to break the Ramadan fast last week with President Pervez Musharraf were treated to palm dates, curried pastries - and a radical new approach to Pakistan #39;s bitter, 57-year-old dispute with India over Kashmir.
Federal Ban on Assault Weapons Expiring BOISE, Idaho - The expiration Monday of a 10-year federal ban on assault weapons means firearms like AK-47s, Uzis and TEC-9s can now be legally bought - a development that has critics upset and gun owners pleased.    The 1994 ban, signed by President Clinton, outlawed 19 types of military-style assault weapons...
During the Holiday Shopping Season, Beware of Identity Theft I resisted shopping online for the longest time. I feared my credit card number would be stolen and that I would spend a few years of my life trying to explain that I did not buy a Hummer with my Visa card.
NASA Cassini Image: Titan #39;s Dark Terrain This view from Cassini #39;s second close flyby of Titan on Dec. 13, 2004 shows bright material within the large dark region west of Xanadu.
Villeneuve to test drive for Renault CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Canada #39;s Jacques Villeneuve is getting back into a Formula One driver #39;s seat. F1 team Renault announced that Villeneuve will test drive at Silverstone this week.
Miguel drives to victory in Open Munich, Germany - Spain #39;s Miguel Angel Jimenez won his fourth title on the European tour this season, recording three birdies in a four-hole stretch on the back nine to claim the BMW International Open by two strokes.
A River Pulled in Two Directions The Lower Delaware, site of a recent oil spill, seems as if it has been mistakenly stuck at the end of the pristine Upper Delaware.
Netflix, TiVo Aim to Offer Online Service (AP) AP - Home entertainment trendsetters Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. hope to link up on a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
McGill tames nerves, Berkleigh Jill McGill has dragged a knotted stomach around the LPGA Tour for nine years, turning every double bogey into reason for self-immolation.
Fallujah assault brings no Zarqawi lead The Fallujah assault has failed to secure any information leading to the possible arrest of key insurgent Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a US major has admitted.
Purpura replaces Hunsicker as GM of Astros Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Gerry Hunsicker has announced his resignation as general manager of the Houston Astros. Tim Purpura, who had been serving as the assistant general manager, has been named the new GM of the team.
UPDATE 1-Cuper returns to take charge of Mallorca Primera Liga strugglers Real Mallorca have persuaded former coach Hector Cuper to rejoin the club as a permanent replacement for Benito Floro, who was sacked last week, the club said on Tuesday.
Evocative, and Steamy, Marathon Goes to Japanese Woman The marathon was inspired by suffering, and on the day an event that is as much a test of character as a test of endurance returned to its Olympic roots, the suffering returned, too.
Israeli Rockets Kill Two in Gaza Strip Camp (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli rockets killed two gunmen in the\Gaza Strip's biggest refugee camp Sunday, taking the death toll\to 49 on the fourth day of a massive offensive to stop rocket\firing into Israel, witnesses said.
Screensaver tackles spam websites A screensaver targeting spam-related websites could help drive spammers out of business.
Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army's Gaza Raid  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said  Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern  Gaza, the army's biggest and deadliest offensive in more than  four years of conflict with the Palestinians.
Intelligent Telescopes Survey the Violent Skies PPARC -- British astronomers are celebrating a world first that could revolutionise the future of astronomy. They have just begun a project to operate a global network of the world's biggest robotic telescopes, dubbed 'RoboNet-1.0' which will be controlled by intelligent software to provide rapid observations of sudden changes in astronomical objects, such as violent Gamma Ray Bursts, or 24-hour surveillance of interesting phenomena...
Europe sets tone, trumps US duo of Woods, Lefty Bloomfield Township, Mich.- Nobody plays the underdog card better than European Ryder Cup players. It explains why Padraig Harrington and Colin Montgomerie practically tripped over people to get to the first tee Friday morning.
US Pledges to Cut Deficit as G-20 Sees Growth Risks (Update1) Treasury Secretary John Snow pledged to reduce the US budget deficit, blamed by Europeans for the euro #39;s gains against the dollar and cited as a risk to global growth by ministers from 20 industrial and emerging economies.
Yao: China not ready to learn from NBA Houston Rockets #39; center Yao Ming gave no push to the development of the Chinese basketball though the NBA could be one of the best textbooks for China.
South Korean court blocks relocation of capital SEOUL : South Korea #39;s Constitutional Court has derailed President Roh Moo-Hyun #39;s plan to relocate the country #39;s capital from Seoul, saying the move was unconstitutional.
Merck Cuts More Jobs as Earnings Decline Merck  amp; Co. Inc. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , whose earnings are being hurt by the withdrawal of its arthritis drug Vioxx, said on Tuesday it has increased the number of jobs to be cut by year-end to 5,100 from 4,400.
NASA aims to launch shuttle nine-day window in March CAPE CANAVERAL-- NASA aims to launch its first post-Columbia shuttle mission during a shortened nine-day window March, and failure to do so likely would delay a planned return to flight until at least May.
Stocks Mixed on Oil Prices, Profit Outlook NEW YORK - Higher oil prices and lowered outlooks from companies including Colgate-Palmolive Co., Unilever PLC and the New York Times Co. sent stocks sliding Monday, although tech shares rallied on strong performance in the semiconductor sector...
Mars Rovers Planners Plot Crater 'Escape' (AP) AP - NASA's Mars rovers don't seem to be wearing out, so mission planners have begun to think more boldly  #151; including a plan to let one climb up a steep slope from a crater it has been exploring to set out across a plain.
Arab media eye US race nowhere more so than in the Middle East. The most-watched news stations like al-Jazeera have given over their coverage
Ministers to decide on troop move A report on the US request to send British troops to an area near Baghdad is set to come before Cabinet.
Google wins in trademark lawsuit Google won a major legal victory when a federal judge ruled that the search engines advertising policy does not violate federal trademark laws.
Falcons sign Crumpler to contract extension Flowery Branch, GA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Falcons Monday signed Pro Bowl tight end Alge Crumpler to a six-year contract extension.
Price-Gouging New Worry in Charley's Wake ORLANDO, Fla. - The oak tree in Ilyse Kusnetz's back yard caused one headache when it crashed into her house during Hurricane Charley...
Windies crush Pakistan to reach Trophy final Inzamam-ul-Haq gambled and lost today as West Indies thrashed Pakistan by seven wickets to book their place in the Champions Trophy final today.
POP Goes the Gmail  quot;It #39;s your mail, quot; the Google Web site said.  quot;You should be able to choose how and where you read it. You can even switch to other e-mail services without having to worry about losing access to your messages.
Powell Wins Israeli Pledge on Palestinian Election  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Reviving a long-dormant U.S.  peacemaking role, Secretary of State Colin Powell won an  Israeli pledge on Monday to allow Palestinians enough freedom  of movement to hold an election for Yasser Arafat's successor.
Silva out for a month ARSENAL #39;S Brazilian World Cup winning midfielder Gilberto Silva is set to be out for at least a month with a back injury, the Premiership leaders said.
Peterson will give Sooners running start Texas Tech and Oklahoma meet for the 12th time this Saturday, with the Red Raiders traveling to Norman to take on the No. 2 Sooners.
Apple Expo: Apple intros 17-, 20-inch G5 iMac Apple #39;s senior vice-president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, took a cue from his boss, CEO Steve Jobs, as he unveiled one more thing at the end of his keynote to kick off this week #39;s Apple Expo in Paris: a G5 iMac that includes the entire system
Seven shares dive on downgrade SHARES in TV station the Seven Network Ltd dived more than 8 per cent this morning after it downgraded its earnings forecasts for the half and full year because of disappointing ratings.
HP's Software Woe Has Bigger Industry Implication  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt;  warned of a profit shortfall last week, it blamed problems it  had combining two SAP systems, something that the computer  maker believed would be relatively simple when they were  putting together a deal to buy Compaq two years ago.
U.S. Appeals WTO Rule on Cotton Subsidies The United States on Monday lodged a formal appeal against a ruling that ordered it to withdraw some of its subsidies for producers of cotton and other commodities, trade officials said.
Blue Chips Fall on \$49 Oil, Economy Index  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell  on  Thursday to nearly a five-week low as crude oil flirted with  last month's record high and a key gauge of future economic  activity fell for a third straight month.
Quake, gale kill two in Bali, N. Sumatra An earthquake killed one person and injured two others on Wednesday on the resort island of Bali, while a gale that swept through several parts of the country claimed one life and damaged hundreds of houses in North Sumatra.
Utah Jazz Cancel Trip to Russia Over Security The NBA #39;s Utah Jazz have canceled their trip to Moscow to play Russian champions CSKA, citing security concerns, the army club said Friday.
Hewitt rallies past Moya Lleyton Hewitt let the first set slip away after an overnight rain delay. He wasn #39;t about to allow the trend to continue. Hewitt came back from a first-set lag to beat Carlos Moya 6-7 (7-5), 6-2, 6-4 in a
Amex to Record Charge, Cut Jobs American Express (AXP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it expects to record a fourth-quarter pretax charge of up to \$120 million and cut 2,000 jobs related primarily to a restructuring of its business travel unit and the
Intel Shelves 4-GHz Pentium In Favor Of Other Projects The company #39;s planned 4-GHz design, already delayed once, will be scrapped in favor of hyperthreading, security, and on-chip memory improvements.
Brent Crude Falls to \$40  LONDON (Reuters) - London Brent crude fell briefly through  \$40 on Thursday for the first time in three weeks, extending  heavy losses to a fifth session as renewed exports from Iraq  and higher-than-expected U.S. gasoline inventories encouraged  big-money funds to take profits.
Eye-catching wireless technology (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - SAN DIEGO - For two days last week, companies from around the globe converged near San Diego to showcase their best products and services using mobile and wireless technology.
Almost Perfect: U.S. Wins Softball Gold ATHENS, Greece - The U.S. softball team won its third straight gold medal with an unprecedented and nearly unblemished romp through the Olympics, capped by a 5-1 victory Monday over an Australian team that, like the rest of softball's elite, never had a chance...
Japan quake survivors face aftershocks Some 100,000 weary survivors of Japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in a decade have bedded down for a third night in makeshift shelters or slept outside as a series
Talking Turkey This is the time of the year when Americans nationwide are gobbling up gobblers at grocery stores for holiday dinners. But out on Darrell French #39;s
UK hostage 'pleads for his life' A video posted on an Islamist website purportedly shows a Briton being held hostage in Iraq pleading for his life.
OSC sees no evidence of market timing by insiders Ontario #39;s securities watchdog said today it hasn #39;t found any evidence of  quot;market timing quot; by insiders of four major Canadian mutual fund firms that are the focus of a high-profile probe of the controversial trading strategy.
Spurrier withdraws from coach search All the hype and speculation came to an end Thursday when Steve Spurrier, once considered the leading man for the UF job, removed his name from the pool of candidates.
Commonwealth chief meets Indian foreign minister (AFP) AFP - Commonwealth Secretary General Don McKinnon held talks with Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh on the first day of his two-day visit to New Delhi, an Indian official said.
Software Disasters Often People Problems (AP) AP - New software at Hewlett-Packard Co. was supposed to get orders in and out the door faster at the computer giant. Instead, a botched deployment cut into earnings in a big way in August and executives got fired.
Chep changes pay off BRAMBLES #39; decision to overhaul its troubled Chep pallet business has paid off in spades by doubling second-half profit. Brambles posted an after-tax result of \$168 million for the June half, up from \$82 million for the same period last year.
Creative Zen Micro Le Zen Micro te donne la possibilit de choisir ta couleur prfre. Tu prfres le rose au noir ou gris ? Fais ton choix entre toutes les couleurs que le Zen micro peut toffrir.
Thailand Ablaze? The heavy handed approach by the Thai authorities in handling the protestors in Narathiwat province in Southern Thailand has undermined hopes of peaceful settlements for the ongoing violence
PassAlong jump-starts eBay music effort Online auction giant eBay is entering the music download business with a service that will market content from major record labels.
FrontBridge Announces Acquisition, Partnership FrontBridge Technologies of Marina Del Rey, Calif., today revealed an acquisition and a partnership to enhance its hosted service offerings for message management and regulatory compliance.
China Agonizes as Hope Vanishes for Missing Miners (Reuters) Reuters - Investigators have determined that\back-to-back coal-dust and gas blasts ripped through a mine in\northern China killing at least 63 workers and leaving 103\trapped and feared dead, state media said on Tuesday.
Approved Stem Cells #39; Potential Questioned All of the human embryonic stem cells available to federally funded scientists under President Bush #39;s three-year-old research policy share a previously unrecognized trait that fosters rejection
Mars Orbiter Sees Rover Tracks Among Thousands of New Images Jet Propulsion Lab -- NASA's Mars Global Surveyor, starting its third mission extension this week after seven years of orbiting Mars, is using an innovative technique to capture pictures even sharper than most of the more than 170,000 it has already produced.     One dramatic example from the spacecraft's Mars Orbiter Camera shows wheel tracks of NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit and the rover itself...
Telescope Buying Tips (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - As we approach the holiday \  season, many people may consider the purchase of a telescope. You might already \  have seen telescope ads in newspapers, catalogues or on TV shopping channels. \  A typical ad might say something like this:
Rocket Attack Kills 2 U.S. Troops in Iraq (AP) AP - Two soldiers from Task Force Baghdad were killed and five wounded Monday in a rocket attack in southern Baghdad, the military said.
Sudan says no Darfur self-rule, questions rebel talks Sudan on Monday ruled out any notion of self-rule for Darfur and said rebels in the western region would not secure the same concessions agreed with southern rebels after two decades of war.
Flight attendants union board OKs strike plan At a meeting today in Pittsburgh, board members of the United States #39; largest flight attendants union voted unanimously to authorize a nationwide strike and criticized the airline industry for using the bankruptcy process to wipe out union contracts.
Insurgents Target Iraqi Security Forces (AP) AP - The warning left in the garage of Omar Hameed, Iraqi National Guardsman, showed two bloody swords and a message: "If you don't quit your job in three days, you will be killed."
Japan to Ease Weapons Export Ban, Revamps Military (Update2) Japan #39;s government will ease a four- decade ban on weapons exports, opening up new markets for Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.
Dolphins plan to interview minority candidate; Saban still top &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Miami Dolphins will put their courtship of LSU coach Nick Saban on hold to comply with the NFL #39;s hiring policy by interviewing a minority candidate, a team source told The Associated Press on Friday.
Red Sox Could Lose Schilling for Game Five The Boston Red Sox could be without starter Curt Schilling for the remainder of the American League Championship Series against the New York Yankees after their ace aggravated an ankle injury in a Game One loss.
Circulation scandal to cost Tribune Co. The Tribune Co., publishers of New York Newsday and the Spanish-language Hoy, will spend up to \$60 million to pay settlements in a circulation scandal.
Outsourcing picks up in Malaysia More Malaysian companies are tapping third parties to take care of IT. It could be a \$350 million market in five years.
Reviewing iPod Photo Comparing the new iPod Photo to iRiver H320, Walt Mossberg writes in the Wall Street Journal,  #147;Our verdict: The iPod Photo was just as easy, and satisfying, to use with photos as it is with music. It #146;s a winner, if a little pricey. But the iRiver player is complicated and clumsy, designed by techies for techies. #148; Nov 03
Air NZ Says Australian Regulator Grants Alliance Appeal Air New Zealand said on Tuesday the Australian Competition Tribunal had approved a proposed alliance with Australia #39;s Qantas, despite its rejection in New Zealand.
Congressman says he may hold hearings on Hamm case WASHINGTON - The chairman of the House Judiciary Committee said Friday he may hold hearings on how US and international gymnastic officials handled the case of Paul Hamm #39;s Olympic gold medal.
News: DIY fingerprint idea thwarts ID thieves The Home Office is touting ID cards as a solution to ID theft in today's Queen's Speech but a Yorkshire man has taken matters into his own hands.
Shhh ... Do You Hear Gunfire? Police departments around the country turn to sound-analysis technology to detect and report gunshots. By Amit Asaravala.
In U.S. South, Textile Mills Gone but Not Forgotten Since before vice presidential candidate John Edwards brought attention to the South's vanished textile mills, ex-mill workers and historians have been working to save the mills' legacy.
Australian stocks: Stocks close lower on banks, insurers SYDNEY- Australian shares fell 0.3 per cent on Monday, led down by insurer Axa Asia Pacific after it ended buyout talks with its French parent and by a weaker banking sector on concerns over higher interest rates.
More buyers choosing ingterest-only loans When Tony Cecchini decided to buy a house in South Fayette Township, Allegheny County, he selected an adjustable-rate mortgage with an interest-only payment for the first five years.
Reports: CA may escape charges in DOJ deal Accounting fraud charges against CA will be dropped if the company meets certain conditions, including paying compensation and appointing an independent overseer of its accounts, according to reports in The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal.
Inter-Korean Economic Talks Cancelled The 10 th round of the inter-Korean economic talks planned to start today for a four-day run in Seoul has been cancelled as Pyongyang refused to contact Seoul to coordinate meeting schedule the day prior, a government official said Monday.
NCAA Game Summary - Yale at Wake Forest The Deacons resume Preseason NIT action on Wednesday with a clash against Providence in the semifinals...Wake Forest leads the all-time series with Yale, 5-1.
Google May Face Another Lawsuit GEICO's case alleges that keyword advertising programs infringe on its trademark.
More Questions for Florida An apparent whistleblower is generating buzz by saying a Florida official sought vote-changing software, but cautious observers say there's plenty of room for doubt. By Kim Zetter.
Syrian, Algerian arrested over Madrid train bombings A Syrian and an Algerian have been arrested in Spain in connection with the March 11 Madrid train bombings, the Spanish interior ministry said.
Tyson Cuts Forecast on Chicken Prices, Grain Costs (Update5) Tyson Foods Inc., the world #39;s largest meat processor, reduced its forecast of annual profit because of higher costs for feed grain and a drop in beef and chicken prices.
Pitcairn men linked with  #39;a culture of sex abuse #39; are named His name is Steve Christian, and he is the mayor of Pitcairn Island and a descendant of Fletcher Christian, the Bounty #39;s first mate.
AIDS Near 'Tipping Point' In India, China, Russia The head of the United Nations' AIDS program warned that the three countries could turn their small, localized epidemics into gigantic ones capable of disrupting the world's response to the disease.
EBay Expands Into Online Rental Listings EBay Inc. said Friday it has agreed to acquire the online rental listing company Rent.com for \$415 million, consisting of \$385 million in eBay stock and \$30 million cash.
Successful, respected coach usually has last laugh Before we talk about the possibility Rick Majerus is the greatest coaching hire in USC sports history, let #39;s acknowledge that his arrival Wednesday raised a number of questions.
New species of monkey discovered in Northeastern India : India News  gt; Hyderabad, Dec 16 : A species of monkey previously unknown to science has been discovered in the remote northeastern region of India, according to the New York-based Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS).
Crisis Over, Afghanistan Heads for Vote Count  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan was preparing on Tuesday to  count votes after rivals of President Hamid Karzai said they  had withdrawn their rejection of the weekend presidential poll.
IRA Would Disarm if N.Irish Deal Is Struck - Adams  BELFAST (Reuters) - Gerry Adams, leader of the Irish  Republican Army's (IRA) political ally Sinn Fein, signaled on  Sunday that the guerrilla group was ready to give up its arms,  but only if a new Northern Ireland peace deal can be struck.
American, Nepalese and Filipino confirmed kidnapped, two Iraqis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD, Nov 2 (AFP) - An American, Filipino and Nepalese and at least one Iraqi working for a Saudi company were among a group of people kidnapped at gunpoint from their Baghdad offices on Monday, a US embassy spokesman said Tuesday.
Seventeen political parties demand postponement of elections Seventeen political parties on Friday demanded postponement of the Jan. 30 elections for at least six months until the government is capable of securing polling places.
Aristide Denies Ties to Violence in Haiti and Calls for Dialogue The exiled former president of Haiti, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, angrily denied accusations on Wednesday that he was fomenting violence in his homeland and accused Haiti #39;s interim leader of brutally suppressing dissent.
Connexion by Boeing partners with iPass This week Connexion by Boeing, a Boeing subsidiary, announced a deal with Wi-Fi hot spot aggregator iPass.
IBM settles pension claims, other liability capped San Francisco, September 30: IBM on Wednesday said it will take a third-quarter charge of \$320 million to settle all but two claims of an ongoing lawsuit claiming its pension plan discriminated against older workers, in exchange for capping its potential
Roman cosmetic secrets revealed The fashion conscious women of Roman Britain used a tin-based foundation to get a pale and appealing look. The evidence comes from a sealed pot of ointment found at an archaeological dig in Southwark, south London, last year.
Carrefour's Profit Climbs for First Half (AP) AP - Carrefour, the world's No. 2 retailer said Wednesday that its profit increased 5.3 percent in the first half of the year, as robust international operations and lower finance costs helped it ride out tough conditions at its core French superstores.
Afghan Officials Start Counting Presidential Ballots (Update2) The counting of ballots from Afghanistan #39;s Oct. 9 presidential election began after a delay caused by allegations of voting irregularities, the country #39;s electoral commission said.
Jayson Williams Works Out With Cavaliers (AP) AP - Jayson Williams, acquitted in April of aggravated manslaughter in the shooting death of a limousine driver, worked out with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday.
Spaniard Jailed for 6 Years in Madrid Bomb Trial (Reuters) Reuters - A 16-year-old Spaniard was sentenced to\six years in a juvenile detention center on Tuesday after he\pleaded guilty to charges he helped steal and transport\dynamite used in the March 11 Madrid train bombings.
Mount St. Helens Releasing Steam After Days of Quakes After a week of gentle rumblings, Mount St. Helens broke open today with a small eruption shortly after noon Pacific time, tossing up a plume of ash and smoke.
Police probe Yorke racism claims Police have launched an investigation into claims from Birmingham #39;s Dwight Yorke that he was racially abused prior to a game at Blackburn.
Having a ball The Red Sox rode into Yankee Stadium on Friday with the confidence that comes from playing like the best team in baseball and having the wild card in your back pocket.
21st century firefighting technology on a 19th century budget When Bill Clayton, one of four San Diego County division chiefs of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, was asked last week about the use of innovative technologies to fight forest fires, he described his profession #39;s evolution this
AL Wrap: Schilling Helps Red Sox Keep Heat on Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Curt Schilling won his major league  leading 18th game and David Ortiz hit his 35th home run as the  Boston Red Sox edged the Texas Rangers 6-5 in American League  at Fenway Park Sunday.
US Airways gets OK to slash pay A US Bankruptcy Court judge, in a harsh decision he called critical to US Airways Group's survival, said yesterday the airline could slash pay by 21 percent for its unionized workforce of 25,000.
Sara Lee Raising Retail Coffee Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sara Lee Coffee   Tea said Wednesday  it was raising its retail coffee prices to keep pace with 14  percent hikes by other major roasters as global bean supply  next year shifts from surplus to deficit.
Spaceport Mum on Frances Shuttle Delays CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Sept. 7, 2004 - The director of the hurricane-ravaged Kennedy Space Center refused to speculate Tuesday whether the damage will thwart plans to resume shuttle flights next spring, but
CA Opens Utility Pricing for Mainframes Keeping its promise to migrate toward more flexible pricing for its software, Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) has unleashed Measured Workload Pricing for its mainframe management products.
U.S. Added 96,000 Jobs in September, Fewer Than Expected The unemployment rate remained unchanged at 5.4 percent. The figures are expected to sharpen a presidential debate on domestic policy set for tonight.
Zee not to re-bid for cricket rights ZEE Telefilms Ltd (ZTL) has decided not to re-bid for the rights to broadcast cricket matches played in India.  quot;The board of directors in its meeting on September firmly decided against re-bidding, quot; ZTL said in a press release issued here on Tuesday.
NTT DoCoMo's 4G research hits 1Gbps TOKYO -- NTT DoCoMo, Japan's biggest mobile communications carrier, achieved a 1Gbpspacket transmission speed using fourth-generation (4G) mobile communication equipment on Aug. 20, the company said Friday.
Credit-Card Processor Hit by DDoS Attack Credit-card transaction processing firm Authorize.Net has been hit by a series of distributed denial-of-service attacks that have caused temporary disruptions in service to some of its customers.
Pacific Sunwear Profit Up Pacific Sunwear (PSUN:Nasdaq - news - research) bathed in strong third-quarter demand, posting a 30 jump in earnings Monday that beat Wall Street #39;s estimates.
Earning from PPC Search Engine Affiliate Programs Earning from PPC Search Engine Affiliate Programs\\What are PPC Search Engines? PPC Search Engines are search engines that allow advertisers to list their site within their search results on a pay per click basis. Advertisers bid against other advertisers for the same keywords or phrases. The highest bidder will then ...
Commercial space travel to take flight? Sir Richard Branson hopes his new company will be the first to send adventuresome tourists into space. Branson, founder of airlines, entertainment and telecom holding company Virgin Group, announced Monday
Angels Taking High Road in Pennant Race In the midst of a stretch against division rivals Texas and Oakland, the Angels suspended Jose Guillen without pay.
Can Do Private Space Companies Set Tone for Future Spaceflight On Monday, 47 years to the day after the Russians launched the worlds first satellite Sputnik, Mojave Aerospace, a private space company, will attempt to win the Ansari X Prize with their second launch in less than a week and demonstrate to the world
Iran: U.N. Uranium Program Ban 'Illegal' (AP) AP - Iran on Sunday denounced as "illegal" demands from the U.N. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment  #151; a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons  #151; and threatened to limit cooperation with the agency if it moves toward sanctions.
Homegrown Satellite Radio Software Draws XM Fire (Reuters) Reuters - Catching Blondie's reunion tour\broadcast at 4 a.m. wasn't an option for XM satellite radio\subscriber and single father Scott MacLean.
In The Fast Lane: Busch wins NASCAR title HOMESTEAD, Fla. -- Kurt Busch got his first big break in NASCAR by winning a 1999 talent audition nicknamed  quot;The Gong Show. quot; He was selected from dozens of unknown, young race drivers to work for one of the sport #39;s most famous team owners, Jack Roush.
Iraq Mobile Network Brings Benefits and Bombs  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqis hail their mobile phone network  as one of the few achievements in the country's reconstruction,  but the technology is also being used to detonate bombs that  cause daily death and destruction.
Sweeping ban imposed on trial of B.C. woman accused of assisting suicide (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - DUNCAN, B.C. (CP) - A two-page publication ban signed by a B.C. Supreme Court justice was taped to the doors of a courtroom Monday where a Victoria woman is facing charges of helping two women commit suicide.
Lunar Robotic Village, Moon Base Gains International Support (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - As Moon exploration \looms larger among nbsp;the growing community of scientists and engineers from Europe, India, China, \Japan, and nbsp;the United States, a robotic lunar village is gaining support, leading to \a permanent human presence on the Moon by 2024.
Google gets Bangalored Google isn #39;t conventional and so aren #39;t its co-founders. Meeting them is pure fun. Larry Page and Sergey Brin founded this search engine and have been applying some really unconventional approaches to constantly
Relatives Seek Bodies of Thai Muslim Demonstrators Weeping family members crowded outside a Thai military camp Wednesday, demanding information about 78 Muslim men who were crushed to death Monday after being arrested and forced onto army trucks.
U.S. Continues to Dominate Without Injured Phelps  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - The U.S. team continued to  dominate the world short course championships Friday, claiming  five gold medals without the help of Michael Phelps after he  was forced out of the meeting with an injured back.
Dream Team Pulls Away to Beat Spain 102-94 ATHENS, Greece - Stephon Marbury set a U.S. Olympic record with 31 points, and a U.S...
Ukrainian region seeks autonomy Supporters of Ukraine's PM announce a vote for autonomy, upping the stakes in the disputed election.
ESPN.com news services MILWAUKEE -- Fans following Barry Bonds #39; quest for career home run No. 700 have been thinking ahead, as in of course he #39;s going to hit it, but when?
Arctic Thaw NOT ONLY HAS it moved beyond the realm of science fiction, but the Arctic ice cap #39;s melting has been much faster than anyone has suspected.
US e-commerce sales rise in second quarter WASHINGTON - US retail sales over the Internet rose 0.9 percent in the second quarter of 2004 and gained 23.1 percent compared with the same period last year as consumers continued to turn to e-commerce to make purchases, a government report showed on
PalmSource's BlackBerry effort bears fruit The company plans to make available an API that lets Palm OS-powered devices work with BlackBerry wireless e-mail services.
Egypt eyes possible link of 17 arrests to Sinai bombings CAIRO -- Egyptian authorities are investigating whether 17 suspected Al Qaeda members arrested while illegally entering Libya have any connection with last week's coordinated bombings at Sinai tourist resorts that killed 34 people, an Egyptian official said yesterday.
Twins win suspended game quickly com. Michael Cuddyer #39;s RBI double in the bottom of the 12th scored Jason Bartlett to give Minnesota a 6-5 victory Sunday over the Indians during the completion of Saturday #39;s suspended game.
Gates, UNESCO Sign Computer Access Deal Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates, left, shakes hands with UNESCO secretary-general Koichiro Matsuura prior to their press conference at the UNESCO headquarters in Paris Wednesday, Nov. 17, 2004, after signing
Lawyers spent weekend scouring questionnaires EAGLE, Colo. -- Jury selection in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case begins in earnest Monday, with attorneys and the judge questioning potential jurors individually behind closed doors.
An Elder Challenges Outsourcing's Orthodoxy Paul A. Samuelson, the Nobel Prize-winning economist, is dissenting from conventional wisdom on the benefits of globalization.
Illinois passes this test easily After three successive blowouts, No. 5 Illinois was looking forward to its first real test Saturday against No. 24 Gonzaga. Now it looks like the Illini will have to wait until top-ranked
ALCS NOTEBOOK Lowe gets to start for Sox in must-win situation Boston -- What #39;s in store today for Boston #39;s beleaguered pitching staff? Scheduled starter Tim Wakefield volunteered to work in relief on Saturday and threw 3 1/3 innings.
Hollinger International Has Spent \$46.3 Million on Black Probe Hollinger International Inc., publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, said it spent \$46.3 million this year on an internal investigation of former Chief Executive Conrad Black and others.
Botswana Leader Warns on AIDS: Abstain or Die (Reuters) Reuters - Botswana President Festus Mogae issued a\blunt message to his people Wednesday on HIV/AIDS: abstain from\unsafe sex or die.
Two Kings Dethroned Sears and Kmart hope that by joining together, they can overcome decades of strategic missteps that have turned the former retail innovators into also-rans.
Justices Hear Arguments on Laws Limiting Interstate Wine Sales The justices appeared unmoved by arguments in defense of laws that prohibit the direct shipment of wine from other states.
New portable dual-screen system from Nintendo has plenty of bells &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Sunday, the video-game giant will introduce its latest innovation, the Nintendo DS, or dual screen, which gaming fanatics around the globe have been dying to get their hands on.
Eagle soars above others It was a rough September for many retailers battered by hurricanes on one side and rising fuel prices on the other, but American Eagle Outfitters Inc.
Summary: Chile's Privatized Pension System (AP) AP - PRIVATE PENSIONS: Chile privatized its social security system more than 20 years ago, requiring a percentage of each paycheck to go into bank accounts that workers manage themselves. Now, about 7 million Chileans have such accounts.
California Cities, Counties Sue Microsoft Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) is being sued by several California cities and counties, which accuse the company of charging inflated prices due to its alleged monopoly control of the PC operating system market.
Microsoft Releases A Flurry of Patches Microsoft Corp. yesterday released an unusually large number of software security updates to fix flaws in its products, some of which could be exploited to remotely take over computers running the Windows operating system.
Option Says New Mobile Data Card to Launch in Nov. (Reuters) Reuters - Belgium's Option  said on\Wednesday it would launch a new wireless data card targeted at\the U.S. market in November.
PUC fines Cingular \$12 million California #39;s Public Utilities Commission yesterday fined Cingular Wireless a record \$12 million for violating state law by failing to tell customers that its network was overburdened, then
Garcia and Nelson accept probation for bullpen incident Boston, MA (Sports Network) - Two former members of the New York Yankees who got into a bullpen brawl with a groundskeeper at Fenway Park last year accepted pre-trial probation in order to have charges against them dropped in six months.
Ballmer Confronts Linux Head-On Microsoft CEO tells customers that Windows carries lower total costs and is more secure than the open-source operating system. By John Foley.
Grapefruit crop to be smallest since 1938 Citrus growers will harvest the smallest crop since 1993 because of three hurricanes that ravaged the state and damaged groves locally and statewide, the Florida Department of Citrus said Tuesday.
Scientists hope to find more tiny hominids SYDNEY: Australian scientists who found a new species of hobbit-sized humans who lived about 13,000 years ago on an Indonesian island yesterday said they expect to discover more new species of hominids on neighbouring islands.
Massive queues in Japan as PSP sells out Queues over a thousand people long formed at some retailers in Japan yesterday as Sony #39;s PlayStation Portable went on sale, with fears of a shortage realised as stocks sold out within hours at some major outlets.
Nikkei Dips 2 Percent on Exporters (Reuters) Reuters - The Nikkei average sank 2 percent on\Monday morning after a fall in the dollar rattled exporters,\while a strong earthquake that hit northern Japan at the\weekend lifted builders but dented firms whose operations it\affected.
Business looms large but politics creep into agenda as Chirac visits China (AFP) AFP - Business opportunities in one of the world's fastest-growing economies dominated the agenda as French President Jacques Chirac continued his visit to China, but sensitive political issues also edged their way onto the program.
Sixth-Ranked Syracuse Opens Hoops Season with Easy Win  SYRACUSE, N.Y. (Sports Network) - Hakim Warrick netted 19  points and Syracuse roared out to an early 24-0 lead as the  sixth-ranked Orange opened their 2004-05 season with a 104-54  pasting of Northern Colorado in the opening round of the  Coaches vs. Cancer Classic at the Carrier Dome.
Dow closes under 10,000 on oil fears The blue-chip Dow Jones average closed below 10,000 for the first time in six weeks on Monday as a spike in oil prices to nearly USD50 a barrel renewed concerns about corporate profits.
Tuning up your Skills in the Web Search Garage Every now and then a book comes along that's a must-read for every serious searcher, and Tara Calishain's Web Search Garage falls squarely into that category.
Libyan takes Mid-East pop crown Libyan singer Ayman al-Aathar has won a Middle East pop contest, edging out Palestinian Ammar Hassan. The Super Star competition was started by the Lebanese TV station Future Television and is filmed in Beirut.
A Price As Good As Gold Kist The chicken company, formerly a cooperative, is now making money as a for-profit corporation.
Haiti struggles for flood relief Waters begin to recede but aid agencies in Haiti struggle to bring supplies to people hit by tropical storm Jeanne.
Halliburton considered bribing Nigerian officials to win contracts NEW YORK, September 3 (New Ratings) - An internal investigation into Halliburton Co (HAL.NYS) reportedly revealed that the company had considered bribing Nigerian officials to win contracts a decade back.
MSN's download service expanding Microsoft's music download service launches in eight new countries as the software giant bids to takes on Apple's market leading iTunes.
Infotech and the Law: Druyun fallout will be felt long and hard The federal government has long imposed unique ethical responsibilities on its contractors. Following the defense procurement scandals of the 1980s such as Operation Ill Wind, Congress considerably increased
5 EU states agree to set up gendarmerie force Defense ministers from five European states signed here Friday morning a Declaration of intent on set up a European gendarmerie force.
JP Morgan posts 3Q profit decline; misses forecasts NEW YORK, October 20 (newratings.com) - JP Morgan Chase  amp; Company (JPM.NYS) reported a 13 decline in its third-quarter profits, driven by high merger-related costs and sluggish trends in its fixed-income trading business.
Royals Rout Yankees Angel Berroa has two hits and scores twice in a 10-run fifth inning that carries the Kansas City Royals over the Yankees, 17-8.
Shell unveils \$15bn recovery plan The Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell today sought to draw a line under its reserves scandal by announcing plans to spend \$15bn (8.4bn) a year to replenish reserves and develop production in its oil and gas business.
Sudan, UN Sign Deal on  #39;Refugees Return #39; KHARTOUM, August 21 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Eight days before the expiry of the UN Security Council deadline on Darfur, Sudan said it would disarm militias in the troubled area gradually, and signed a deal with the United Nations saying it
GIFT GUIDE 1: TECH  amp; TOYS When the notion of creating high-definition, commercial broadcast television in the US first arose in the 1980s, few were ready for it.
Hamilton's career highlights Won 1999 Tour of Denmark Finished 10th in individual time trial in 2000 Olympics at Sydney
Athletes cheat way to fame and fortune Dozens, perhaps hundreds, of major league baseball players have taken steroids in the last few years. Yet no player has ever been suspended for steroid use.
Reality of Steelers Puts a Quick End to the Bills' Dream Buffalo's offense, which had led the way to six straight victories, was inefficient in a defeat to Pittsburgh.
Hopes thin for future of Astra #39;s blood drug THE future of AstraZenecas blood-thinning medicine, Exanta, was thrown into fresh doubt last night after Frances leading drugs regulator confirmed that it was reviewing the medicines approval status.
Meeting with Manmohan major breakthrough Islamabad: Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was  quot;a major breakthrough quot; in Indo-Pak relations, as it has been an immense success.
Captors treat journalist well #39; An American freelance journalist with New England ties was shown in a video on al-Jazeera TV saying he is being treated well, #39; #39; while an aide to Iraqi Shiite leader Muqtada al-Sadr said Micah Garen may be released soon.
November Same Store Sales Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ShopKo Stores Inc., a specialty and  discount retailer, on Wednesday said sales at stores open at  least a year fell 4.8 percent in November but maintained its  fourth-quarter earnings forecast.
DaimlerChrysler takes 400 million euro charge for Japanese &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Automaker DaimlerChrysler AG said Friday it will book a charge of 400 million euro in the third quarter to cover the cost of recalls and past quality problems at Japanese truckmaker Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corp.
Iomega preps WiFi storage solution Iomega is soon expected to ship its first network-attached storage (NAS) device based on wireless networking technology. Called the NAS 100d, the product will be marketed as an entry-level
Temple-Inland cuts 1,500 jobs Austin-based Temple-Inland Inc. (NYSE: TIN) plans to lay off about 8 percent of the company #39;s workforce, or about 1,500 employees.
NL Capsules Carlos Zambrano pitched 7 1-3 shutout innings to outduel Oliver Perez and beat Pittsburgh for the fifth straight time this season, carrying the Chicago Cubs to a 1-0 victory over the Pirates on Wednesday night.
U.S. Near Seizing bin Laden, Official Says ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - The United States and its allies have moved closer to capturing Osama bin Laden in the last two months, a top U.S. counterterrorism official said in a television interview broadcast Saturday...
Cognos reassigns N. America chief after indictments Cognos Inc. has reassigned its North America operations chief after he was indicted by a grand jury in San Diego in connection with a financial scandal at Peregrine Systems Inc.
UN Urged to Ignore Bush Plea for Human Cloning Ban (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's national academy of science\urged the United Nations on Monday to ignore a call by\President Bush to ban all forms of human cloning.
Cooke out of Sun Tour Former Tour de France green jersey Baden Cooke pulled out of the Herald-Sun Tour of Victoria on Tuesday, citing problems with his back.
Nokia Raises Outlook on Global Phone Sales By MATTI HUUHTANEN    HELSINKI, Finland (AP) -- Nokia said Thursday its third-quarter revenue and profits would be better than expected, citing an increase in mobile phone sales. The news pushed its shares up nearly 6.5 percent in trading...
Program Links Diabetic Kids With Doctors (AP) AP - Diabetic 9-year-old Gabe Mathews had very low blood sugar before a test, but hours later at home his mother found it to be far too high.
Nepal army sends reinforcements Extra  troops are sent to a remote area in west Nepal after 20 troops die in a clash with Maoist rebels.
Can Sainsbury #39;s rise to the challenge? Ever since Napoleon described Britain as a  quot;nation of shopkeepers quot;, the golden rule for grocers has been: stock your shelves with goods that customers want, at prices they can afford.
Lenton ensures we don #39;t come up short LIBBY LENTON swam the fastest 100 metres freestyle relay split of all time to anchor a world-record effort by Australia #39;s women #39;s 4x100m medley relay at the world short-course championships in Indianapolis yesterday.
Report: Manuel to helm Phillies The Phillies have reportedly settled on former Indians manager Charlie Manuel to become the team #39;s 50th skipper, the Philadelphia Inquirer reported on its Web site Wednesday night.
World oil prices slip, capping sharp weekly decline NEW YORK (AFP) - Global crude prices fell, capping a 13-percent, three-day plunge triggered by news of an unexpectedly sharp gain in US petroloeum stockpiles.
Iran nuclear row  #39;resolved #39; VIENNA: Iran and European negotiators reached a tentative compromise committing Tehran to freezing a programme that can make nuclear-weapons grade uranium, but Tehran still had to approve the agreement, diplomats said last night.
Polish walker earns fourth Olympic gold Robert Korzeniowski of Poland added to his record collection of gold medals in race walking with his unprecedented third consecutive Olympic victory Friday in the 50-kilometer walk.
Google shines on second day Shares of Google are on the way up again on their second day of trading.
New Crop of Portable Players Nips at IPod At least a dozen portable music players are angling to steal sales away from Apple Computer Inc.'s wildly popular line of iPods this holiday season. In the past month alone, five companies have unveiled their iPod challengers - pocket-sized players with hard disks that can store anywhere from 1,000 to 10,000 songs.
Russia Says It Can Hit Militants Abroad (AP) AP - Russia has the right to carry out pre-emptive strikes on militant bases abroad, Russia's defense minister said Sunday, citing the school hostage crisis. He said Moscow and the United States see eye to eye on fighting terrorism.
Europe joins Citigroup bond probe France and Germany's market watchdogs say they are looking into Citigroup bond trades already under scrutiny in the UK.
With Yankees Coming, Red Sox Hope to Keep the Party From Turning Ugly The Red Sox' archrivals from the Bronx arrive for three games this weekend to finish Boston's home schedule before the playoffs.
Humans Were Born to Run, Scientists Say Humans were born to run and evolved from ape-like creatures into the way they look today probably because of the need to cover long distances and compete for food, scientists said on Wednesday.
Dollar Is Poised for Longest Losing Streak in Almost a Year The dollar is poised to decline against the euro, creating its longest losing streak in almost a year, a Bloomberg News survey indicates.
Ortiz Stifle Yankees Ramon Ortiz pitched four-hit ball for eight stellar innings to lead the Anaheim Angels over the Yankees.
UPDATE 2-Guidant says it wins appeal in patent case Medical device maker Guidant Corp. (GDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said it won an appeal of a patent lawsuit against St.
Judge overturns  #39;Robin Hood #39; A state district judge declared the school funding system unconstitutional Wednesday, saying Texas faces a bleak future if it fails to spend more on public education.
Hockey Player's Girlfriend Acquitted in Murder Plot  EAST ST. LOUIS, Ill. (Reuters) - The 19-year-old girlfriend  of jailed former hockey player Mike Danton was acquitted by a  jury on Monday of conspiring with him to murder his agent.
Rebel in Najaf Sends Messages of Conciliation Moktada al-Sadr suggested he would vacate the shrine in Najaf, disband the Mahdi Army and transform it into a political party.
Lawyers file Abu Ghraib complaint BERLIN -- A group of American civil rights lawyers filed a criminal complaint in a German court yesterday against top US officials, including Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, for acts of torture committed at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.
AS Roma needs success against Inter after disastrous start to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After sliding out of contention in the Champions League and opening its Serie A campaign with two defeats in four games, AS Roma and its new coach, Luigi Del Neri, desperately need points against archrival Inter Milan at Stadio Olimpico Sunday
Government planes bomb rebel towns in Ivory Coast Government planes in Ivory Coast bombed two rebel-held towns yesterday, ending a tenuous yearlong cease-fire and indicating a possible resumption of civil war.
Corgentech treatment fails trial Shares plunge after company says its vein graft treatment failed to show benefit in late-stage test. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Biotechnology company Corgentech Inc.
US soldier killed by roadside bomb in Iraq A roadside bomb killed a US soldier and wounded another when it struck their vehicle near the Iraqi town of Balad, the US military today said.
AXE  amp; SPENCER MARKS  amp; Spencer sacked six executives yesterday as the troubled giant announced profits were down by 128million. New boss Stuart Rose halved the board and is likely to continue price cuts in stores.
GANO MANCHESTER UTD. CON DOS GOLES DE ROONEY LONDRES, 14 (ANSA) - Dos goles del juvenil Wayne Rooney y uno del holands Ruud Van Nilsterooy permitieron a Manchester United ganar 3-1 en campo de Newcastle y subir al sexto lugar de la Premier League, pero a nueve puntos del lder Chelsea, al
SpaceShipOne rockets in NEW ERA A red, white and blue rocket plane zoomed into space Monday, winning a \$10 million prize as the world #39;s first privately built reusable spacecraft and heralding the future of commercial space travel.
Tommy Hilfiger buys Lagerfeld trademarks Tommy Hilfiger Corp. - whose once-hot preppy clothing business has cooled - is making a play to rekindle growth by buying luxury brand Karl Lagerfeld.
17,000 Enron pension holders to get paid in full Nearly 17,000 Enron pension plan holders will see their benefits paid, thanks to pressure from the federal government #39;s Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
Moore, seven others advance at Amateur MAMARONECK, NY -- NCAA Division I champion Ryan Moore advanced to the quarterfinals Thursday at the US Amateur at Winged Foot Golf Club.
US July Durable Goods Orders Probably Rose 1, Survey Shows US orders for durable goods may have risen for a second straight month in July, paced by more bookings for commercial aircraft, computers and machinery, according to a survey of economists ahead of today #39;s government report.
McAfee Enhances Spyware Protection (PC World) PC World - Antivirus company offers improved anti-spyware app to users for a fee.
eBay snaps up Rent.com eBay agrees to buy Rent.com for \$415m (214m), gaining access to more of the online property market.
Red Roof Inns Selects T-Mobile for Broadband Service (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Building on its strategy to push its service into hotels, T-Mobile will be making its HotSpot wireless-broadband service available throughout the Red Roof Inn chain, owned by Accor. Under the agreement, guests at the Red Roof Inns can access the network in the common area and in individual rooms.
The race for flights into space After years of capturing the imagination of wide-eyed daredevils, dreamers and would-be entrepreneurs, space travel for ordinary people may finally be taking flight.
US Stocks Rise on Optimism About Election; Nextel Advances US stocks gained on optimism the US presidential election will produce a clear winner, acting as the catalyst to lift share prices the rest of the year.
U.S. Alarmed Over Suspected Iran Nuke Site VIENNA, Austria - A U.S. official expressed alarm Thursday about a possible nuclear-weapons related test site in Iran and accused the U.N...
Toronto Raptors Sign Center Loren Woods (AP) AP - The Toronto Raptors signed free agent center Loren Woods on Wednesday.
Tiny chips to keep track of drug bottles WASHINGTON - Viagra, the blockbuster impotence pill that is copied and counterfeited around the world, is one of the first drugs to get a little radio chip tracking device under a new Food and Drug Administration initiative announced on Monday.
Calm returns to Herat after weekend #39;s violence The western Afghan city of Herat was calm yesterday following bloody clashes between supporters of the powerful ousted governor and US and Afghan forces sent to keep the peace.
Microsoft launches desktop rival to Google The battle for search-technology supremacy extended to new front today when Microsoft launched a tool for finding files stored on personal computers.
Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's cabinet\passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied\Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel's\parliament for his withdrawal plan.
Ghana waits for election results The first results are being declared in Ghana #39;s presidential and parliamentary elections, which were generally calm and orderly.
Fencing: U.S. and Swiss End Gold Drought  ATHENS (Reuters) - Mariel Zagunis won the first fencing  gold for the United States for 100 years when she beat Xue Tan  of China 15-9 in the inaugural Olympic women's sabre final on  Tuesday.
Al-Qaida spending little on terror attacks: Report The Al-Qaida terror network spent less than 44,600 on each of its major attacks except the September 11 suicide hijackings and one of its hallmarks is using readily-available items like mobile phones and knives as weapons, a new United Nations report
Putting the PC in the PRC IBM may need to do some creative deal making in order to sell PC business to China #39;s Lenovo. By Robert Cyran, Breakingviews. LONDON (Breakingviews) - It #39;s no surprise IBM is in talks to sell its PC business
HK stocks end at 7-month high Hong Kong #39;s top share index hit a seven-month high on Monday, with both blue chips and China stocks gaining ground as markets rallied throughout the region.
Zarqawi Movement Vows al-Qaida Allegiance BAGHDAD, Iraq - The most feared militant group in Iraq, the movement of terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, declared its allegiance to Osama bin Laden on Sunday, saying it had resolved a dispute with al-Qaida over strategy and vowing unity against "the enemies of Islam."   The question of al-Zarqawi's relationship to bin Laden and the al-Qaida leadership has been the subject of considerable speculation. Some experts believed al-Zarqawi - who has claimed to be leading a bloody campaign of bombings against U.S...
Red Sox take camaraderie to new level It used to be said that there was so little camaraderie on the Boston Red Sox that they needed 25 cabs for 25 players after their games.
Industrial Output Growth Nearly Stalls  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. industrial output growth nearly  stalled last month as production cuts at mines and utilities  nearly swamped a solid performance in factories, a report from  the Federal Reserve showed on Wednesday.
Amnesty Urges Mandatory UN Arms Curb on Sudan  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Amnesty International urged the U.N.  Security Council on Tuesday to impose a mandatory arms embargo  on Sudan to stop all parties to the conflict in Darfur  committing human rights abuses.
Site bolsters racism awareness A website is launched with the aim of educating people in Scotland to challenge racism and intolerance.
Microsoft selling new Windows at cut-rate price The software giant is selling Media Center, its new version of Windows, to PC makers at a new, lower price, CNET News.com has learned.
Stocks Rise; Siebel Boosts Tech Shares (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as oil\prices eased a little and Friday's start-of-quarter buying\spree continued into the new week.
Wedding cad comes clean over invite sale (Reuters) Reuters - A wedding guest who sparked a bidding frenzy when he offered for sale a pair of invitations to a wedding he did not\want to attend has admitted that the bride was a former girl friend.
After the lurid stories, Black still faces judgment day The story could hardly be more dramatic. Over 513 pages, former Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Richard Breeden accuses former Telegraph owner Lord Black and his fellow executives of systematically
Steroid Raises Pneumonia Risk in RA Patients Rheumatoid arthritis sufferers who take a commonly prescribed steroid known as prednisone run a significantly higher risk of catching pneumonia than people on biologic medications.
China Southern Airlines board approves taking over two airlines &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China Southern Airlines Co. said its board of directors has approved plans to take over China Northern Airlines and Xinjiang Airlines from its parent company.
Fed on Tightening Path, Unfazed by Oil  SEATTLE (Reuters) -  The surge in oil prices over the  summer was not enough to derail the U.S. economy and the  central bank sees no reason to pause in its interest-rate rises  just yet, top Fed officials said on Thursday.
Clippers Thrash Artest-Less Pacers Clippers 102, Pacers 68 INDIANAPOLIS -- All the injuries and Ron Artest #39;s benching finally caught up with Indiana, in historic fashion. Elton Brand had 19 points and 16 rebounds and the Los Angeles Clippers took control of the lethargic
Murdoch offers record price for Manhattan penthouse Rupert Murdoch has offered the highest price ever for a Manhattan residence to buy a penthouse once owned by the Rockefeller family.
Dolphins Terminate Edwards #39; Contract DAVIE, Fla. Nov 10, 2004 - The Miami Dolphins terminated the contract of starting free safety Antuan Edwards on Wednesday, citing his subpar play and the emergence of his backups as reasons for the surprising move.
Experts See Demand for Web Insurance Bids (AP) AP - Customers in search of cheap airfare, antiques or a stock trade can scan the Web for good deals. But when it comes time for companies to buy group insurance policies, they've largely been beholden to brokers using fax, e-mail and the telephone to track down the best bargain. Some industry analysts say an ongoing insurance bid-rigging scandal  #151; combined with rising health care costs  #151; will build demand for online bidding on insurance policies.
Web Founder Promotes Future Cooperation (AP) AP - The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference on Wednesday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: Getting the players behind the technology to agree on standards governing how computers communicate with one another.
IHG sells 13 North American hotels InterContinental Hotels Group passed another milestone in its wide-ranging asset disposal programme yesterday when it sold 13 of its North American properties for \$425m (220m).
Janus Loses \$5 Billion The bad news just keeps pouring in for mutual fund manager Janus Capital Group (NYSE: JNS). Yesterday, the Denver-based firm reported that European banker ING Group (NYSE: ING) will pull \$5 billion from its mutual funds, or ...
Do Good! Win a Prize! While Nobel prizes are given for past performance, other types of inducement prizes are intended to spur innovation. Do they do the job?
Phelps Advances in 200-Meter Medley ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps, seeking his sixth medal of the Athens Olympics, advanced in the 200-meter individual medley Wednesday with a conservative swim.
Study: Development Endangers Coastal Bays (AP) AP - Maryland's coastal bays support a wide range of aquatic life but are threatened by intense development pressures, according to the first comprehensive study of the chain of shallow bays that separate Ocean City and Assateague Island from the mainland.
S.E.C. Warns It May Act On Ex-Officer Of Citigroup Citigroup said regulators warned the bank that an investigation of its asset management unit could result in an enforcement action against the executive who ran the division.
Freaky Future:  #39;R #39; Word in Economic Forecast A Freaky Future? The mid-term economic outlook from the University of California-Los Angeles Anderson Forecast contends a recession may be brewing just over the horizon.
Home Office in frame over FBI's London server seizures Blunkett had final say on legality of request
Women on Waves Portugal has a long tradition of protecting the human life. It was the first European country to abolish the death penalty, and more than 50 of voters rejected a 1998 referendum that would have liberalized abortion laws en (abortion is legal in Portugal if the pregnancy resulted from a rape, if it endangers the mother's life, or if the fetus is severely malformed; the morning-after pill is also legal).    Now a Dutch boat from an organization called Women on Waves intends to pick women in Portugal, bring them to international waters (where the law of the boat's country applies: the Netherlands allows abortions for six weeks after conception, if not performed within 25 km from an Amsterdam hospital), perform abortions, and return them to land. The Portuguese government has refused entry to Women on Waves' ship, the Borndiep (previously Sea Change).
Gartner analysts talk about the security companies don't need IT managers need to implement systems that work correctly in the first place, rather than spending time and money to fix problems after the fact, according to Victor Wheatman, vice president and research area director at Gartner Inc.
Sanctions cannot solve crisis in Sudan The threatened sanctions championed by the United States and the European Union (EU) on Sudan could not help solve the crisis in the African country, saida leading Chinese newspaper Thursday.
McNair #39;s condition improved  #39;significantly #39; Steve McNair stretched and ran Friday, but he didn #39;t throw any passes. He #39;s looking healthy enough that Tennessee coach Jeff Fisher won #39;t rule him out against San Diego.
2 Chinese Engineers Abducted In Pakistan Islamabad, Oct. 10 (NNN): Two engineers have been abducted by armed persons in troubled South Waziristan Agency area of Pakistan. The Chinese engineers were going to the site of Gomal Zam Dam from their homes at Hathala.
Integration Plays Key Role in Oracle #39;s Upcoming 11i.10 Integration is a key factor with any large ERP implementation and ongoing maintenance, and Oracle Corp. is catching on. At its London-based OpenWorld event this week Oracle announced better integration between
Myanmar frees 4,000 wrongly imprisoned from jail Our gratitude goes to you for the interest and enthusiasm you have shown in visiting the AsiaNews.it website. AsiaNews is also a monthly magazine (only in Italian).
NASA Prepares for Future Space Exploration Risk CLEVELAND, OH -- As NASA (news - web sites) readies the space shuttle fleet to fly again, the agency #39;s risk management teams are also paying attention to risk issues that affect the International Space Station (news - web sites).
MLB: Boston 7, Tampa Bay 3 Johnny Damon hit a three-run homer and Manny Ramirez a two-run homer Monday to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 7-3 win over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
Norway: Pilots attacked with an ax pee writes  quot;A passenger on a commuter plane in northern Norway attacked both pilots and at least one passenger with an axe as the aircraft was coming in to land.
Red Hat wants some of Netscape Enterprise Solutions Red Hat has expanded its Open Source portfolio through an agreement to acquire specific assets of Netscape Security Solutions, namely the Netscape Directory Server and the Netscape Certificate Management System, both part of the Netscape Enterprise Suite.
Forest Laboratories 2Q Earnings Rise Pharmaceutical maker Forest Laboratories Inc. on Monday said second-quarter earnings rose 60 percent as sales grew for its principal brands, and the company raised its fiscal 2005 earnings guidance.
Lab Helps Bring China Orchids to Maryland (AP) AP - Thomas Handwerker leans close to a young orchid, just over from China, to inspect its deep green leaves. He knows exactly where a long, flowery spindle will sprout. He's a career horticulturist, but he doesn't know a thing about growing phalaenopsis orchids. Handwerker is counting on farmers along the eastern shore region of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia to do the work of cultivating this brood of 30,000 orchids.
Banks #39; hidden fees fuel ire From bank accounts and mortgages to credit cards and car loans, let the buyer beware: Financial fees are on the rise. And many are just waiting to blindside you.
Can Mike Lawrie make Siebel better? In many ways, Mike Lawrie seems to be just the sort of guy software maker Siebel Systems needs to lift it out of its dark days. It #39;s true he doesn #39;t exactly ooze charisma and intensity.
Cingular Wireless plans to sell interactive unit Cingular Wireless said Monday that it plans to sell a wireless data network that supports about a quarter of the world #39;s Blackberry users to a New York-based fund manager.
Oracle's Ellison Earned  #36;3.85M Salary (AP) AP - Larry Ellison, the chief executive of software maker Oracle Corp., earned  #36;3.85 million in salary and bonus for the fiscal year that ended May 31, according to documents filed Friday.
French Open winner first seed to fall at Paris Masters PARIS: Gaston Gaudio had no reason to celebrate on his return to Paris after his French Open victory, losing 7-5, 3-6, 6-1 to Spaniard Feliciano Lopez at the Paris Masters yesterday.
Business View: It #39;s looking like Madrid or bust for Abbey No Mates Are cracks appearing in the Abbey-Santander romance? Certainly, the engaged couple do not seem as close as they were a few days ago.
Viagra ad stiffed Pfizer #39;s latest ad campaign for Viagra has drawn the government #39;s version of a cold shower. The Food and Drug Administration has ordered the company to stop running the commercial featuring
EU leaders hold talks on Iraq European Union leaders are meeting in Brussels for two days of talks on issues including Iraq, asylum and economic reform. The summit, which will be attended by the 25 national leaders, also provides the first
Kerry Lures Persuadable Voters in Debate (AP) AP - Many undecided voters liked what they saw from John Kerry and were more than a little concerned about President Bush's performance in the first presidential debate  #151; but they still had questions about what Kerry would do in Iraq.
Vogts Resigns! The Scottish Football Association have confirmed that Berti Vogts has resigned as coach of the national team. The German has been under intense pressure after a series of bad results and was expected to be
Google's New Tool Brings Search Home (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Google Inc. released free software yesterday that lets people simultaneously search the Web and their personal computers for information, a move analysts described as a potential blow to rivals Microsoft Corp. and Yahoo Inc. in the race to woo more searchers.
Louis Hillary Park: Elections, World Series make for a fun days &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; well, sort of very own -t. Louis Cardinals are in the World Series against the Boston Red Sox. (How did that happen?). Having been a Cardinals
New rival for Verizon, Cingular Round two of US wireless industry consolidation is officially under way, with Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc.making the much anticipated announcement that they have agreed to a \$35 billion merger Wednesday, Dec.
Three appear in Victoria court on drug charges linked to legislature raid (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VICTORIA (CP) - Three people appeared in Victoria provincial court Friday on drug-conspiracy charges arising from an investigation linked to December's police raid at the B.C. legislature.
Omnicare makes another play for NeighborCare Covington-based Omnicare said Wednesday that it has extended its tender offer (a takeover bid publicly inviting shareholders to sell their stock) for all outstanding shares of NeighborCare through Sept.
Smuggler Arrested With \$197K in Stomach Before boarding a plane in Madrid, a Colombian smuggler ate a pricey meal that landed him in trouble upon his arrival in Bogota.
MP3 losing steam? After years as the unrivaled king of the digital-media world, the venerable MP3 music format is losing ground to rival technologies from Microsoft and Apple Computer.
Automakers report Sept. sales strong for all but Ford, Honda Led by General Motors Corp., the US automotive industry rebounded in September with one of its most robust months of the year. Sales were pushed up by 2005 models
Israeli Soldier Shot Dead in Gaza Clash -Army (Reuters) Reuters - Two Palestinian gunmen fired on an Israeli\army outpost in the northern Gaza Strip on Thursday, killing a\soldier before being shot dead, a military spokeswoman said.
Keeping Internet Phone Service Simple Two former MCI executives, Joyce Dorris and Paul Erickson, want to bring Internet phone service to mainstream America. "We're in the beginning of a wholesale transformation to have communications run over Internet technology," said Erickson, chief executive of SunRocket, a start-up in Vienna. "If you have broadband, you'd be silly not to put your phone service on the Internet."
Situational ethics meets PeopleSoft (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - A long and winding road runs from Joseph Fletcher to Craig Conway.
Stocks Seen Higher Before Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures surged Friday  morning on the back of Intel Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; raised quarterly  sales forecast and lower oil prices, but strategists said the  market's early direction would be dictated by the monthly  employment data due out before the start of trading.
VCA throws the book at Indians Nagpur: One-Test down, two to go, a batting line-up thats out-of-form, a famous but as-yet-untested recovering elbow, a fully recharged Australian team and a nice, hard, green wicket.
BoSox OK Deal With Catcher Doug Mirabelli (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox have reached an agreement with backup catcher Doug Mirabelli, who would become the first of the World Series champions' 16 free agents to re-sign.
Racing: Best Mate in shape to hold challenge of Rembrandt Today #39;s The Day. Every blade of grass has been inspected and passed fit, every weather forecast scanned. Best Mate will, short of an overnight declaration of Armageddon, make his seasonal
Hain Celestial #39;s Earnings Meet Estimates MELVILLE, NY - The Hain Celestial Group #39;s earnings matched analysts #39; estimates for the latest quarter, and the natural food company said it expects improved earnings because of price increases and recent acquisitions.
Investment in private spaceflight field lags enthusiasm by public LONG BEACH, Calif. - It was billionaire Paul Allen #39;s \$20 million that allowed Burt Rutan to build SpaceShipOne, the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space.
Report: NCAA To Reopen OSU Investigation Monday COLUMBUS, Ohio -- NCAA investigators will return to Ohio State University Monday to take another look at the football program after the latest round of allegations made by former players, according to the Akron Beacon Journal.
China, US agree to revive talks on N. Korean nuke issue Beijing, Oct. 25 (PTI): China and the US today agreed to work jointly to re-energise the six-party talks mechanism aimed at dismantling North Korea #39;s nuclear programmes while Washington urged Beijing to resume
Safin Beats Stepanek for 3rd Masters Crown Marat Safin of Russia returns the ball to Guillermo Canas of Argentina during the semifinal of the BNP Masters indoor tennis tournament in Paris, Saturday, Nov. 6, 2004.
Vodafone Peddles New BlackBerry Research In Motion #39;s BlackBerry 7100v, which sports the company #39;s latest keyboard technology, is being offered exclusively through Vodafone.
US Captain Reyna Left Out of World Cup Squad US captain Claudio Reyna, who has been suffering with a thigh injury, was missing from Bruce Arena #39;s 23-man squad named Friday for this month #39;s World Cup qualifiers against El Salvador and Panama.
Merck Pulls Vioxx Painkiller From Market, and Stock Plunges Merck said it voluntarily pulled the drug after new data from a clinical trial found an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
Yankees #39; Owner Congratulates Boston Red Sox (New York-AP, October 21, 2004) - It #39;s not the kind of statement George Steinbrenner hoped to be making. The New York Yankees owner is congratulating the Boston Red Sox for their come-from-behind playoff victory over the Yankees.
Pfizer warns on arthritis drug Bextra NEW YORK, OCTOBER 15 : PFIZER Inc. on Friday said two clinical trials showed patients taking its anti-inflammatory drug Bextra, had a higher risk of cardio-vascular events during high-risk coronary bypass surgery.
Music industry opens new front against Kazaa in Australia The music industry has taken its battle with peer to peer networking down under. The Australian subsidiaries of the major record labels, including Universal, EMI, Sony BMG, Warner and 25 others are suing Sharman
July Home Sales Dip, but Still 3rd Highest A trade group reports sales of existing homes dipped 2.9 percent in July. But the National Association of Realtors says it was still the third-highest level on record.
UN staff blast officials, spare Annan UNITED NATIONS, Nov 19 (AFP) - The UN staff union on Friday passed a resolution highly critical of the world body #39;s senior management while declining to pin the blame directly on Secretary General Kofi Annan.
Yahoo, Google Stocks Up on Upbeat Analyst Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Internet search companies\Google Inc.  and Yahoo Inc.  rose on Monday\after Goldman Sachs raised its fourth-quarter estimates for\both companies.
S. Arabia: Oil Prices will Drop \$10-15 Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Ali El-Naimi has said that the \$10-15  quot;fear premium quot; that has been present in oil prices will disappear as the problems of  quot;supply quot; and  quot;geographic tension quot; diminish.
UN: Africa Condemned to Major Polio Epidemic A major polio epidemic in West and Central Africa is inevitable in coming months, but the disease could be eradicated worldwide next year by mass immunizations, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Friday.
Germany Paddles to Bronze The men #39;s single slalom canoe race ended with balled fists and shouts of joy for Stefan Pfannmller. But for Germany #39;s women, there was nothing to celebrate.
Court rules against Lexmark A federal appeals court yesterday lifted a ban that prevented a North Carolina company from selling chips that allowed Lexmark International competitors to refill toner cartridges for some of the Lexington manufacturer #39;s printers.
Virgin to offer space flights High-flying Brit entrepreneur Richard Branson today announced the imminent take-off of the  quot;VSS Virgin quot; - a scaled-up version of Burt Rutan #39;s SpacShipOne - which will offer well-to-do wannabe astronauts the chance of zero-grav flights for a mere 100,000
Sony prefer PS2 over PSP Sony is not exactly going mega with the launch of its handheld gaming system named PSP on December 12. Instead, critics already fear that getting hand on one would be a very tough affair.
IRS trying to ensure all get refunds The Internal Revenue Service is trying to make sure Pamela Bracey of Ocala receives her income tax refund check. She is one of about 80 other Marion County residents whose checks
France ends evacuation flights from Ivory Coast as anti-foreigner &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; France on Monday ended one of the largest evacuations in post-independence Africa -- an airlift that flew more than 5,000 Westerners and others from violence pitting France against its former West African colony.
British researchers trace John Kerry's family back to European royalty (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Senator John Kerry has blue blood from all the royal houses of Europe, with even more titled relations than President George W. Bush, Burke's Peerage said Monday.
Run of birdies wins for Ochoa Kutztown, Pa. -- Lorena Ochoa birdied three of the final four holes yesterday to overcome a five-stroke disadvantage and win the Wachovia LPGA Classic.
Recording companies to allow legal file swap Universal Music Group, Sony BMG Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group -- three of the four major recording companies -- have licensed their catalog of music to Saratoga Springs-based Wurld Media, the firm said Wednesday.
Computer Associates buys Netegrity at \$430m value Computer Associates (NYSE: CA) announced on Wednesday that it was buying Netegrity (Nasdaq: NETE) at a value of \$430 million, or \$10.
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Astros Apply Power in a Drive for More The Houston Astros, who are battling for a wild-card playoff spot, powered their way to a season-best sixth straight victory yesterday.
Cuts in Carbon Dioxide Emissions Urged The world #39;s chief climate scientist on Tuesday disputed the US government contention that cutbacks in carbon dioxide emissions are not yet warranted to check global warming.
Kazaa Faces Piracy Charges in Trial Australia #39;s record company lawyers are attempting to have Kazaa #39;s owners, Sharman Networks, declared liable for copyright breach and loss of earnings in the civil case now underway.
Blair to return to work after successful surgery LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home yesterday after undergoing a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat.
Astros-Braves Game 2 preview The Houston Astros refuse to live in the past, especially with their immediate future looking so bright. Roy Oswalt, the National League #39;s only 20-game winner, will try to give Houston a commanding lead in
Saddam #39;s trial in October; Salem Chalabi resigns court presidency, The Iraqi prime minister Eyad Allawi said yesterday that the trial of the toppled Iraqi regime Saddam Hussein and his aides might start in October.
U.S. Deaths in Iraq Top 1,000; Aid Groups Eye Exit  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Dozens of international aid agencies  considered quitting Iraq Wednesday following the abduction of  two Italian women, and as the U.S. military death toll rose  above 1,000.
Namibia Votes for New President The southern African nation of Namibia voted on Monday for a successor to the only leader the country has ever known, and election officials said the first of two days of voting started smoothly.
Bush tries to patch up rift with Canada President George W Bush launched his first fence-mending mission since his re-election yesterday, flying to Canada to improve a distinctly prickly relationship with one of America #39;s oldest and most natural allies.
What happened to the Chiefs? In August in River Falls, Wis., it was raining. A feeling of unease came over Dick Vermeil. Coaches are sensitive to what others would regard as of little importance, none more so perhaps than the emotional Vermeil.
Avis Europe is latest to get stung by IT Avis Europe PLC has dumped a new ERP system based on software from PeopleSoft Inc. before it was even rolled out, citing substantial delays and higher-than-expected costs.
Abbas makes election move, possibly to push back activist &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The interim Palestinian leader promised to set a date for internal elections in the ruling Fatah movement, a Cabinet minister said Friday, in an apparent attempt to persuade the head of Fatah #39;s restless young guard to drop out
Seahawks' Lucas Bruises Chest vs. 49ers (AP) AP - Seattle cornerback Ken Lucas left the field on a cart after bruising his chest Sunday in the Seahawks' game against the San Francisco 49ers.
AstraZeneca feeds CAT The UK drug maker AstraZeneca today agreed to take a 20 stake in Cambridge Antibody Technology (CAT), one of Britain #39;s leading biotechnology companies.
Ryanair, easyJet expand flights to Italy after Volare bankruptcy (AFP) AFP - Ryanair and easyJet both announced plans to expand in the Italian market following the collapse of the low-cost airline Volare, which has declared insolvency and suspended flights and ticket sales.
Elite Field Hits Desert With only the game's top 20 women fending for the Samsung World Championship, Annika Sorenstam knows that in Palm Desert, the event truly is a survival of the fittest.
Ivorian Leader Urges End to Anti-French Violence (Reuters) Reuters - President Laurent Gbagbo appealed for\an end to anti-French crowd violence which erupted after France\destroyed most of Ivory Coast's small air force in retaliation\for the killing of nine French peacekeepers.
Bush and Kerry Campaigns Harden Iraq Stances on Talk Shows Both sides hardened their rhetoric today on a central issue, Iraq, and exchanged sharp attacks on the domestic questions.
CLEAN SLATE FOR ENGLAND - NEVILLE Gary Neville insisted England must  quot;start again quot; this weekend to build for the 2006 World Cup, fuelled by the self-belief they can finally end almost 40 years of international under-achievement.
Abu Ghraib Report Faults Top Officials WASHINGTON - The Pentagon's most senior civilian and military officials share a portion of blame for creating conditions that led to the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal in Iraq, according to a new report.    The report, by a commission appointed by Defense Secretary Donald H...
Scientists: New planets may take longer It may take much longer than scientists have thought for violent turbulence to turn grains of space dust into new planets. A NASA telescope recently discovered evidence that
Fannie Mae must restate its earnings The staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission has ordered Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest buyer of mortgages, to restate its earnings over the last
Fiber Pact: China Textile Dominance Spooks Asian Rivals BEIJING (Dow Jones)--China #39;s likely emergence as the world #39;s textile and garment superpower after 30 years of global quotas end Dec. 31 has spooked rival producers across
Cricket: Australia in command Justin Langer hits an unbeaten 144 as Australia reach 327-3 against New Zealand.
Crude futures eclipse \$46-a-barrel mark Crude-oil futures continued higher Monday, rising more than 1 percent amid ongoing nervousness in the energy pits. Free! Sign up here to receive our Internet Daily e-Newsletter!
British charge 8 tied to terror conspiracy LONDON -- The British police yesterday charged eight men with conspiracy to murder and violations of the Terrorism Act after finding that two of them possessed surveillance information on the financial centers in Washington, New York ...
Japan, U.S. Reach Deal on Beef Imports (AP) AP - U.S. and Japanese negotiators struck a deal Saturday to allow limited imports of American beef into Japan for the first time since Tokyo closed its billion-dollar market last year over a mad cow disease scare.
Seeking an Enron Trial Far From Houston It is no secret that the fortunes of Houston were long married to the success of Enron, the once highflying energy company that was the city #39;s premier corporate citizen.
Airespace wins IBM deal for Wi-Fi service Airespace, a Silicon Valley start-up that sells telecommunications gear, has won a partnership with IBM that #39;s intended to help the smaller company grab a piece of the growing market for Wi-Fi services, the two companies told Reuters Wednesday.
IBM to pay \$320M to partially settle pension case IBM Corp. said Wednesday it will take a \$320 million charge this quarter to settle some claims and cap its liability on others in a long-running class-action dispute about changes made in the 1990s to its pension plan.
US jet fires at house where insurgents believed to be meeting An American jet fired a missile at a house where about 10 members of an al-Qaida-linked group were believed to be meeting in the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Friday, police and the US military said.
Vonage talks about 911 advancements Does Rhode Island have the answer to a major problem facing the Internet phone industry?
Cricket: Fired-up Australia end 35-year drought as India hit new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAGPUR, India : World champions Australia conquered the final frontier here when they won their first series on Indian soil in 35 years with a 342-run rout in the third Test.
Secrets of smell land Nobel Prize \Two US scientists win the Nobel Prize for Medicine for uncovering the secrets of the human sense of smell.
Haiti Accused of Making Illegal Arrests (AP) AP - Human rights violations common under the government of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide still exist under Haiti's new U.S.-backed regime, a leading human rights lawyer said Friday.
Sharapova Forced to Scrap Past Granville  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Maria Sharapova express almost  came off the rails Tuesday when she was pushed to the limit in  the U.S. Open first round by American Laura Granville.
EU Could Lift Arms Embargo on China by Next Year The European Union Wednesday held out the prospect of lifting a 15-year-old arms embargo on China, possibly by next year. Washington firmly opposes
Olympic roundup ATHENS, Greece - For one game, the United States was its former Olympic basketball self on Monday afternoon. Considering the opponent, winless Angola, that shouldn #39;t be viewed as a strong foundation for optimism as medal play approaches.
MLB: Minnesota 2, NY Yankees 0 Johan Santana and Jacque Jones were a dynamic duo Tuesday night as they led the Minnesota Twins to a 2-0 win over the New York Yankees.
Oil sees new high in Asia trade Oil prices have surged past a record \$55 per a barrel in Asian trade, amid concerns over winter fuel supplies. The price of crude for November delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange hit \$55.
Montgomerie sends Ryder smoke signal Colin Montgomerie yesterday applied for the job of captain of the 2006 Ryder Cup team - by the simple expedient of not applying for it.
Exercise Pays Off in Long Run The effects of behavior modification programs designed to encourage physical activity last for at least three months after completion of such programs, says a new report by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ).
Short-Term Rate Futures Sink on Jobs Data (Reuters) Reuters - Short-term interest rate futures\plunged on Friday after U.S. October jobs growth was far above\median Wall Street expectations, raising the chances of a\Federal Reserve rate increase in December.
African poverty summit opens in Burkina Faso (AFP) AFP - Heads of state from 17 African countries attended the opening of an African Union summit in Burkina Faso to craft a jobs creation plan to lift hundreds of millions out of poverty.
Putin: Insurgents hoping to swing US election DUSHANBE, Tajikistan - Russian President Vladimir Putin said yesterday that insurgent attacks in Iraq were aimed at blocking President George W. Bush #39;s re-election, a statement seen as an indication Putin favors Bush in the upcoming vote.
Top of the charts: Warne smashes Muralis record Shane Warne has swapped places with Muttiah Muralitharan to become world cricket #39;s highest wicket-taker. Before the Test began, he was very excited and said,  quot;I would have been happy had I got this opportunity to achieve this feat at home.
Sony, IBM, Toshiba Give Details of 'Cell' Chip  TOKYO (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt;, Sony Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; and  Toshiba Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6502.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6502.T&lt;/A&gt; on Monday unveiled some key details on  the powerful new "Cell" processor the three are jointly  producing to run next-generation computers, game consoles and  TVs.
Cassini unveils mysterious Saturn moon Titan NASA scientists are poring over the latest pictures unveiling Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan. The images show distinct dark and bright surface areas.
Invitation to a Titanic sinking? It is difficult to convey the shock I felt on reading the allegations that Conrad Black, David Radler, and the rest of the Hollinger insiders had helped themselves to 95.
Google buys digital mapping company Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader #39;s bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
XP SP2 distribution accelerated, VPN problem fixed Microsoft will accelerate the rollout of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) over the next month and has released the first official update for SP2 to fix a problem some users had with VPNs (virtual private networks).
Deficit widens at DirecTV DirecTV Group, the largest satellite television programmer, has said that its loss widened considerably in the third quarter because of a one-time charge to write down the value of two satellites.
Continental to Seek Wage, Benefits Cuts Continental Airlines Inc. on Thursday said it will seek to cut \$500 million in annual wages and benefits on expectations of losing  quot;hundreds of millions of dollars quot; this year.
IPC President Upbeat About Athens Paralympics Phil Craven, head of the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) told a press conference he was very upbeat about the Games.
Reshaping a Reshaper of Landscapes The Rouse Company, the mall developer that has reshaped the nation's landscape, agreed to be acquired by General Growth Properties for \$7.2 billion in cash.
Consumers flock to online shops Online shops look set to have a good Christmas as UK web-users get the online buying habit.
Austrians back on top Everyone kept wondering when Austria #39;s alpine powerhouse would show up for the new World Cup season and the answer was emphatically provided on Sunday.
No pressure from Pak, say Kashmiri separatists New Delhi: Kashmiri separatist leaders have said that they are not under any pressure from Pakistan to be included as a third party in talks with the Centre.
Sony shrinking the PS2 Sony Corporation has come up with a smaller version of its Playstation Two game console. The book-sized PS2 will help cut costs as video-game consoles continue to drop in price.
MMC Makes Management Changes; Egan, Treanor Out Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc. (MMC) reported on Monday that Roger Egan, president and COO of Marsh Inc., its risk and insurance services subsidiary, and Christopher Treanor, Marsh Inc.
Microsoft wins Smart Tags case A jury decides the Office technology doesn't impose on another software maker's patent.
Network Appliance, EMC refine security strategies (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Network appliance will announce this week additional capabilities and partnerships for its NetApp NetCache line of Internet security appliances. Meanwhile, EMC will unveil a major upgrade to its ILM (information life cycle management) product line with a focus on adding application-aware components.
LaFrentz is on the rebound When training camp competition demanded Raef LaFrentz jump repeatedly in pursuit of a rebound, and when doing so did not give him pause, the power forward knew he could once again compete in the NBA. That was the best news on Day 1 of preseason.
Nissan Halts Production at Japan Plants Nissan Motor Co. said Thursday it will halt operations at three of its plants in Japan for five days starting later this month due to a steel sheet shortage.
Iran Wants Right to Enrich Uranium Iran won #39;t permit its diplomats to negotiate with European nations over its nuclear program if the goal of talks is to deprive Iran of the right to enrich uranium, Iran #39;s top nuclear negotiator said Monday.
Report: Consumers tuning in to plasma TVs First-quarter shipments of plasma televisions in the United States more than doubled from the previous year, according to research firm iSuppli.
Building a Global Phone If a technology currently in development pans out, one handset could work on multiple cellular networks.
Govt postpones fuel price hike A hike in petrol, diesel and cooking gas prices was postponed yet again by the government today. The decision was taken after pressure from the Left, which wanted the price hike to be put off till after the
Ivans Path Scientists once calculated that a hurricane gives off about 200 times much energy as all the world #39;s electric plants combined.
Oil Rises on Nigeria, Norway Disruptions; OPEC May Curb Output Crude oil rose from a three-month low on disruptions to supply from Nigeria and Norway and after OPEC members said they may need to cut output after prices plunged.
American League Game Summary - Kansas City at Tampa Bay Tampa Bay has won six of eight against the Royals this season, but Kansas City holds a slight 14-13 edge since the start of the 2001 campaign...Bell has seven career games against the Royals and is 2-0...Bell made his first start of the month and made his
Barcelona Testing, Day 3, 26/11/04 A trouble-free day for Franck and Giancarlo as they completed almost 200 laps of Barcelona.
From Citation for Nobel Prize in Chemistry (AP) AP - Excerpts from the citation awarding the 2004 Nobel Prize in chemistry to Israelis Aaron Ciechanover and Avram Hershko and American Irwin Rose for their work on how cells break down.
Red Hat Sees Half of Sales Outside U.S. in a Year  FRANKFURT, Germany (Reuters) - U.S.-based Red Hat Inc., the  world's top distributor of open-source Linux software, expects  its international business to increase to half its sales within  12 months, an executive said on Tuesday.
Israel arrests 13 UN employees Israel  arrests 13 UN employees on suspicion of "links to terrorism" but does not give  their nationalities.
Canadian Gold Doesn #39;t Glitter No news was good news for South Africa #39;s Harmony Gold Mining Company (NYSE: HMY) today. Over at rival and takeover target Gold Fields Limited (NYSE: GFI), a shareholder vote was held to endorse
WebMethods Chief Resigns Phillip Merrick, the 41-year-old co-founder and chief executive of WebMethods Inc., resigned suddenly, citing heath reasons that company officials described as "stress-related."
Huge drug haul hidden in oven Australia #39;s largest seizure of the party drug Ecstasy was expertly hidden inside the metal shell of a bakery oven from Poland.
Britain Proposes Debt Relief to Nations Britain will provide more debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries and challenge other rich countries to do the same, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government said Sunday.
Ladydogs Upend #20 Louisana Tech 72-55 The last time Louisiana Tech visited Starkville, in 1999, they left with an upset defeat at the hands of Mississippi State. Five Novembers later, the Lady Techsters returned to Humphrey Coliseum...and the Lady Bulldogs ready to do it again.
Illicit Cameraphone Clicks Could Mean Jail (AP) AP - Camera phones may make great Christmas gifts, but people better not use them for peeping-Tom photos on federal property.
Marsh, Aon Trail on Board Independence Amid Spitzer #39;s Probes Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., Aon Corp. and Willis Group Holdings Ltd., insurance brokers whose business practices are the focus of a probe by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, have
Federal Tax Agency has Thousands in Refund Checks for Alabamians The Internal Revenue Service is looking for a few taxpayers -- no it is not for overdue taxes -- the agency says it has nearly \$767,000 in tax refund checks that could NOT be delivered to about 1,096 Alabamians.
Conviction of American in Peru Upheld (AP) AP - The Inter-American Court of Human Rights has upheld the conviction of an American woman imprisoned in Peru for terrorist collaboration with Marxist guerrillas, President Alejandro Toledo confirmed Thursday.
Report: Maverick UK Envoy to Tashkent May Lose Job  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's ambassador to Uzbekistan, who  has condemned his superiors for accepting security information  gathered by torture, may be about to lose his job, British  media reported Tuesday.
Bollor ups Havas stake to 20.2 Corporate raider Vincent Bollor said yesterday he had raised his stake in French advertising group Havas to 20.2 as Alain de Pouzilhac, Havas #39;s chairman, rounded on him for keeping his real intentions secret.
AOL Enters the Online Travel Market New service will compete with sites like Travelocity.com and Expedia.
Yudhoyono sworn in as Indonesian president TONY JONES: Former general and security minister SBY has been sworn in as Indonesia #39;s sixth President at a ceremony at the parliamentary building in Jakarta.
Blumenthal to testify before Congress about insurance laws (Hartford-AP, Nov. 15, 2004 10:20 PM) _ Attorney General Richard Blumenthal is heading to Washington tomorrow and says he plans to tell Congress to stay out of the insurance brokerage industry.
SEC says it charges former NextCard execs of fraud The US Securities and Exchange Commission said on Tuesday it brought fraud and insider trading charges against former top executives of bankrupt credit card issuer NextCard Inc.
Manmohan, Musharraf hail new chapter in ties (Reuters) Reuters - The leaders of India and Pakistan on Friday hailed a new era in often-fraught relations between the two nuclear rivals and agreed to study a joint pipeline project and pursue solutions to the Kashmir conflict.
Bush Frees Secret Service Agent from Chile &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - President Bush Saturdayreached into a throng of squabbling bodyguards and pulled aSecret Service agent away from Chilean security officers afterthey stopped the U.S. agent from accompanying the president ata dinner.&lt;/p&gt;
ATA Airlines gives rivals a shot at Chicago market Bankrupt ATA Airlines #39; withdrawal from Chicago #39;s Midway International Airport presents a juicy opportunity for another airline to beef up service in the Midwest
Crude Passes \$55, Greenspan Unfazed SINGAPORE -- Crude oil futures rose to a record for a third day Monday, surpassing \$55 in New York on speculation US demand for heating oil will deplete inventories this winter.
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices dropped on  Wednesday as the market succumbed to profit-taking after  racking up sizable gains over the past month.
Browns lose LB Andra Davis for season Cleveland Browns linebacker Andra Davis will miss the remainder of the season after tearing a ligament in his left knee during Sunday #39;s loss against the Cincinnati Bengals.
Nighttime men #39;s final set for Australian Open The 2005 Australian Open will feature the first men #39;s Grand Slam final played at night. That championship match -- in the 100th anniversary of the tournament #39;s first edition -- will start at 7:30 pm on Jan. 30.
China Spurns Taiwan President's Peace Overture  BEIJING (Reuters) - China spurned Taiwan President Chen  Shui-bian's peace overtures Wednesday, accusing him of only  paying lip service to easing tensions.
Late drop helps Bears duck Oregon BERKELEY, Calif. -- Geoff McArthur caught eight passes for 121 yards and two touchdowns, and fourth-ranked California's defense stopped Oregon near midfield with 1:39 left when Keith Allen couldn't hold the final pass in the Golden Bears' 28-27 victory yesterday that solidified their BCS hopes. Aaron Rodgers passed for 275 yards and three TDs, and J.J. Arrington ran for 188 ...
NFL: Colts/Titans _ Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and two touchdowns as Indianapolis beat Tennessee 31-to-17. Nick Harper intercepted Steve McNair #39;s pass in the end zone as the Colts rallied to win with 21 points in the fourth quarter.
Oil prices fall on profit-taking after futures pass \$55 a barrel Oil prices fell sharply yesterday in what traders described as a wave of profit-taking after futures hit a new high above \$55 a barrel and after gasoline futures fell sharply on indications of declining demand.
Rating Search Engine Disclosure Practices Which search engines are adequately disclosing their paid placement and paid inclusion practices? Which ones are failing to do so?  A new report offers some surprising insights.
Barber, Shockey score TDs to lead Giants past Packers 14-7 Tiki Barber ran for a 52-yard touchdown and Kurt Warner threw a touchdown pass to Jeremy Shockey to lead the New York Giants past the Green Bay Packers 14-7 on Sunday.
Hurricane damage to Fla. citrus crop even worse than expected Floridas hurricane-damaged citrus crops will be even smaller than originally estimated, officials said Friday, raising the specter of higher prices for orange juice and an even greater scarcity of grapefruit juice.
IRS seeks people to claim refunds WASHINGTON -- The IRS has more than \$73 million in tax refunds for thousands of taxpayers whose checks were returned to the tax agency as undeliverable.
Rescuers Trying to Reach Chinese Miners Rescuers trying to reach 141 miners trapped by an underground explosion were pumping noxious fumes out of a Chinese coal mine Monday but an official said their chances of survival were  quot;extremely slight.
Brown returns to job while lights are out Larry Brown was in the building, he brought a suit, and a special high-backed chair was set up at the end of the Pistons #39; bench.
Climber Who Cut Off Hand Looks Back Aron Ralston, the climber who spent five days pinned beneath a boulder in a Utah canyon last year, reflects on his lifesaving self-amputation.
Mourners file past Arafat #39;s tomb Mourners filed past Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb in Ramallah Saturday as Palestinian soldiers kept watch over what had been a chaotic scene just hours before.
Chechen warlord behind school hostage-taking, says FSB Chechnya #39;s notorious warlord ShamilBasayev is behind the school hostage-taking in southern Russia that has led to the deaths of over 100 people, Russia #39;s Federal Security Service (FSB) said.
News: Fake Lycos screensaver harbours Trojan Virus writers have begun distributing their wares in emails that pose as Lycos's abandoned "Make love not spam" screensaver.
Five Palestinians killed Israeli attack that targeted Hamas activist in Gaza City JERUSALEM Israel set off a mysterious explosion in an olive grove near the house of a senior Hamas activist Wednesday, killing five Palestinians and wounding seven. The strike came just before Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced a key party test linked to ...
Congress Urged to Conduct Its Own Insurance Inquiry Senate governmental affairs subcommittee hearing on insurance brokerage policies, with Eliot Spitzer of New York and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut scheduled to testify.
US Airways to Cut Management Pay, Benefit US Airways announced plans Tuesday to cut \$45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union employees to collectively accept \$950 million in annual cost cuts.
Variety is truly the spice of Christmas tree sales What does it take to lure harried Christmas shoppers away from the malls and the prepackaged convenience of an already decorated plastic Christmas tree in a box?
UPDATE 2-French firms Sagem, Snecma plan to merge French aircraft engine maker Snecma (SNEC.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) and defence equipment group Sagem (SAGM.PA: Quote, Profile, Research
Red Sox Advance David Ortiz homered in the 10th inning to give the Red Sox an 8-6 victory over Anaheim and completing a three-game sweep.
Motorola Tests M-Commerce Motorola and MasterCard want to prove that reducing the fumble factor can save merchants money. Phones equipped with PayPass, MasterCard #39;s contactless payment service, are expected to go through rigorous testing
Middle East Prepares for Life without Arafat JERUSALEM -here has been increased security here in Jerusalem and throughout Israel, but so far, it has been quiet. The entire Middle East is getting ready for a new era, a Middle East without Yasser Arafat.
Olympics were hardly a total loss for Harris His team won only twice in Athens, but one of those victories was pure hoop ambrosia for Del Harris. And this is a man who has coached basketball at various locales for 44 years, guiding the likes of Moses Malone, Shaquille O'Neal, and Sidney Moncrief along the way.
Yahoo Goes Mobile with Search and Images Yahoo Goes Mobile with Search and Images\\Yahoo yesterday unveiled their latest weapon in the search engine wars with Google and Microsoft - their mobile phone Yahoo. Nevermind desktop search or free email accounts, Yahoo is now bringing their search, local listings, and even images to mobile phones and portable devices. ...
US soldier sentenced to three years for murder (OfficialWire) -- 12/11/04 -- Staff Sergeant Johnny Horne, 30, from Winston-Salem, North Carolina has been sentenced to just three years in prison for murdering a severely
Powered by Beltran, Astros Break Through in Playoffs When the Houston Astros were fading from the National League Central Division race in July, their general manager, Gerry Hunsicker, took calls from contenders who were looking to cherry-pick the Houston roster.
Iraqi minister says Saddam Hussein could face trial in  quot;weeks quot; KUWAIT CITY Iraq #39;s minister of state says Saddam Hussein could face trial within  quot;a few weeks quot; -- or sometime later this year.
NFL Game Summary - Jacksonville at Indianapolis Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Josh Scobee hit a 53-yard field goal with 38 seconds left and Byron Leftwich threw for 300 yards and two touchdowns, as Jacksonville defeated Indianapolis 27-24 at the RCA Dome.
Bush Pushes for Social Security Overhaul (AP) AP - President Bush made a fresh push Saturday for a new Social Security plan in which Americans would be allowed to channel a small portion of their income into "personal savings accounts," warning that inaction could end the retirement system.
Security pros warn of critical flaws in Kerberos Vulnerabilities in technology widely used for network authentication leave computers open to attack.
Blue Chips End Lower, Wal-Mart Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips ended lower on Monday  after a disappointing sales forecast from the world's biggest  retailer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, overshadowed a two-day  pullback in oil prices.
Curtain Call for Junk-Fax Blaster The nation's most notorious junk-fax sender agrees to the terms of a court order forcing it to stop its ink-depleting ways. But that hasn't convinced a longtime Fax.com foe to drop a \$2.2 trillion lawsuit against the firm. By Ryan Singel.
Google faces another trademark suit in Germany A German court is set to hear oral arguments in a trademark suit against Google Inc. next week, as the search giant faces yet another legal challenge to its AdWords keyword advertising program.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/ibmpseries;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9824455;9690404;u?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9473681;9688522;d?http://www.ibm.com/servers/eserver/pseries/campaigns/boardroom/index.html?ca=pSeries met=boardroom me=E P_Creative=P_InfoW_RSS"&gt;Introducing IBM eServer p5 systems.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Powered by IBMs most advanced 64-bit microprocessor (POWER5(tm)), p5 systems can run UNIX and Linux simultaneously. Learn more about eServer p5 systems.&lt;/p&gt;
Pope condemns Iraq church attacks Pope John Paul II has spoken out against attacks on Iraq #39;s Christian community after the bombing of two churches in the northern city of Mosul.
Players reject latest deal Toronto - It #39;s getting so late in the game, so to speak, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin has offered federal mediation as a last-ditch possibility.
Hope Santa Rally Can Outrun the Grinch  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is hoping its traditional  year-end "Santa rally" will pick up steam in the week ahead.
Microsoft readies Host Integration Server 2004 In a continued effort to compete with IBM Corp. and its WebSphere offerings, Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday announced imminent availability of Host Integration Server 2004.
Yankees settle for single win After a daylong wait for an afternoon doubleheader that got turned into a single night game, the New York Yankees found their 1-2 punch.
India v Australia second test scoreboard - tea  UPDATE 2-Cricket-Warne takes six but India establish handy lead October 16, 2004 09:12:55 MADRAS, India, Oct 16 (Reuters) - World test wicket record holder Shane Warne grabbed six wickets as India established a handy 141-run first innings lead in the
Sudan appreciates Chinese supporting stance at Security Council KHARTOUM, Sep 23, 2004 (SUNA) -- The State Minister for Foreign Affairs, Nagib Al-Khair Abdul-Wahab, photo has expressed appreciation of the Sudanese government and people to the stance of China in support of Sudan in the Security Council.
Real coach Camacho quits Madrid - Real Madrid president Florentino Perez said on Monday he had accepted Jose Antonio Camacho #39;s resignation as coach and appointed his deputy Mariano Garcia Remon in a caretaker role.
Rockies #39; Francis picks up first major-league victory SAN DIEGO -- Rookie left-handed pitcher Jeff Francis of Vancouver stymied the San Diego Padres yesterday and led the Colorado Rockies to a 5-2 win.
CSFB Asia Unit Rebounds After Defections  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Credit Suisse First Boston is  targeting Asia for growth while cutting elsewhere, as its  regional team springs back from high-profile defections to  boost its M A and debt financing business.
Ontario to dedicate  #36;12.5 million to water studies and watershed protection (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The effects of urban sprawl and industrial development on Ontario's ecologically sensitive watersheds will be more closely examined under a  #36;12.5 million provincial initiative.
Cuba bans US dollar transactions Cuba announces a ban on commercial transactions in dollars in response to tighter US sanctions.
Lawmakers question delayed response to sub Ruling bloc and opposition lawmakers Thursday criticized the government #39;s slow response to a mystery submarine that intruded into Japan #39;s territorial waters the previous day.
No. 18 Louisville at No. 3 Miami TV - tvelwtvscwtvpcwtvnrw. Radio - WQAM (560 AM) WSUA-Spanish (1260 AM), WVUM (90.5 FM), WEFL (760 AM). Coaches: UM #39;s Larry Coker is 39-3 in his fourth season; Louisville #39;s Bobby Petrino is 13-4 in his second season.
SGI supercomputer: Two records in one day The public record has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced, CNET News.com has learned.
Newmont welcomes release of its executives in Indonesia? (Updated &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US mining giant Newmont Mining Corp. on Sunday welcomed the release of five of its executives who were detained in Indonesia last month amid claims one of the company #39;s gold mines polluted a bay in central Indonesia.
NBC Gives Martha Stewart an After-Prison Show Martha Stewart will host an hour-long, daily syndicated show with a live audience when she gets out of prison, her company said today.
Lawmakers Ask SEC to Probe Military Fund Sales US lawmakers asked the Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday to investigate recent disclosures of improper mutual fund sales practices on military bases.
Zaballa in Breakaway Stage Win Spain #39;s Constantino Zaballa, riding for the Saunier Duval team, broke away early in the day for an easy win in Friday #39;s 19th stage of the Tour of Spain over Avila and Collado Villalba.
Cardinals finish off Astros; Red Sox up next Jim Edmonds made a circus catch. Jeff Suppan outpitched the Rocket. And Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen came through, yet again. Surrounded by a rollicking sea of red, clearly these St.
Typhoon hits southwestern Japan, kills 5 Powerful Typhoon Chaba hit southwestern Japan on Monday, leaving five people dead, 54 injured, and four freighter crew members missing since Sunday, and paralyzing transportation systems in the region.
Citigroup stuns Wall Street with shake-up Sallie Krawcheck became the most powerful woman on Wall Street yesterday when she was named chief financial officer of Citigroup, the biggest bank in the world.
How Schabir tried to come to my rescue I was complaining to Schabir Shaik in the courtyard of Durban #39;s High Court that, for once, a certain Sunday newspaper had got it right.
Scientists pluck the details from chicken-genetics map In a step forward for biology and agriculture, scientists yesterday unveiled the first, detailed analysis of the genetic blueprint of the chicken - revealing few surprises, but suggesting
Disney trial often gets personal as Ovitz, Eisner testify LOS ANGELES - The lawsuit shareholders have brought against Disney has come to resemble a Hollywood potboiler of betrayed friendships, secret meetings and wounded egos.
Sun #39;s Kodak moment: Patent suit settled out of court Sun Microsystems has agreed to pay Eastman Kodak \$92 million to settle an intellectual property dispute between the two companies, Sun disclosed last week.
Government says Finnish with IE 6 A government agency in Finland is urging the country #39;s citizens to avoid use of Internet Explorer until Microsoft has patched the Bofra vulnerability.
SpaceShipOne to proceed with second flight for X Prize Los Angeles The creators of SpaceShipOne are going for the ten (m) million-dollar prize. Despite an unexpected roll during its flight on Wednesday, designer Burt Rutan (ruh-TAN #39;) has given notice that he will
Even in eager Kosovo, nation-building stalls Five years after 'liberation,' UN officials are again working on a plan for the political status of the province.
S.Korea's Ruling Party Head Resigns on Father's Past  SEOUL (Reuters) - The chairman of South Korea's ruling Uri  Party resigned on Thursday after saying his father had served  as a military police officer during Japan's 1910-1945 colonial  rule on the peninsula.
Computer People Reopen Art History Dispute David Hockney's controversial theory that early Renaissance painters used cameralike devices has been challenged by researchers using digital techniques.
India, Pak agree to fight narco-terrorism jointly: India News: New Delhi, Dec 13 : India and Pakistan on Monday agreed to jointly fight the war against narcotic and psychedelic substances.
Stocks edge up in morning TOKYO - Tokyo stocks rose Wednesday morning as gains in such shares as technology and marine transport helped erase earlier losses prompted by an overnight fall in US blue-chip shares.
Rwandans hope Darfur presence will halt violence EL FASHER, Sudan -- As the sun set over this desert camp, Private Lambert Sendegeya, an African Union soldier from Rwanda, popped in a tape of music from his country and launched into a series of leg bends. Lieutenant Eugene Ruzianda peered from his canvas tent and, removing his green beret, joined the evening exercises.
Comeback kings Bayern crowned winter champions BERLIN: Bayern Munich claimed the honorific title of winter champions showing great spirit to come from two goals down to net a point in a 2-2 draw with VfB Stuttgart at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday.
Executive Life case lawyer questions Pinault PARIS : French business tycoon Francois Pinault, targeted in complex civil action over the collapse of California insurance company Executive Life, was questioned here by a US lawyer under the supervision of a French judge.
Button unhappy with  #39;advice Jenson Button has revealed dissatisfaction with the way his management handled a fouled switch to Williams. Not only did the move not come off, his reputation may have been irreparably damaged amid news headline
Pinochet Loses Immunity in Chile   Chile's Supreme Court yesterday stripped former dictator Augusto Pinochet of immunity from prosecution, paving the way for possible trials of the 88-year-old general on charges of human rights abuses during his 17-year rule.
IBM claims supercomputing crown IBM said that its Blue Gene/L supercomputer trumps the performance of SGI #39;s recently announced Columbia system installed at NASA by more than 65 percent.
U.S. Rules Out Dam Removal to Aid Salmon The Bush administration will not remove federal dams on the Columbia and Snake Rivers to protect 11 endangered species of salmon and steelhead, even as a last resort.
Kuwait minister assures release of Indian hostages NEW DELHI: Kuwait is working closely with Iraqi authorities to ensure the safe and expeditious release of three Indians abducted in Iraq, Kuwaiti Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammad al-Sabah al-Salem al Sabah said on Wednesday.
Shell Settles Oil Reserve Case for \$120 Million Royal Dutch/Shell has agreed to pay \$120 million to settle fraud charges with the S.E.C. involving overstated oil reserves, the U.S. securities regulator said today.
Israeli Settler Pay Approved, Sharon Faces Threats  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's security cabinet approved  cash advances Tuesday to entice Gaza settlers to evacuate their  homes, while police investigated death threats against Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon sparked by his pullout plan.
Soccer: Big Names Through to UEFA Cup Group Stage  LONDON (Reuters) - Most of the big names advanced safely to  the inaugural group stage of the UEFA Cup after a frantic  night's action Thursday, though Parma, Real Zaragoza and  particularly Rangers, cut it fine.
Johnson Said to Be in Talks for Heart Device Maker Johnson   Johnson is in advanced negotiations to acquire Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart illnesses, for more than \$24 billion.
Jack in the Box Profit Surges 32 Percent SAN DIEGO - Jack in the Box Inc. on Wednesday said profit for its latest quarter soared 32 percent as sales rose sharply, operating margins improved and the tax rate sank.
Exit Blog, Enter Legg Now that hundreds of Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) employees hit the jackpot following the company #39;s initial public offering and subsequent run-up in share price, what #39;s to keep them from coming to work and plugging away with the same vigor as before the millions
Telstra, Not Government, To Choose New Chief Opposition parties that currently control the senate have repeatedly blocked moves to fully privatize Telstra, saying they fear it will lead to poor phone and Internet services in Australia #39;s vast outback, where maintaining telecommunications
Mashburn out for the entire 2004-05 NBA season Former All-Star forward Jamal Mashburn will miss the entire 2004-05 NBA season because of a knee injury that could end his career.
A Rash Product That Sells Itself COVINGTON, La. - Retired Louisiana pharmacist George Boudreaux hasn't needed Madison Avenue pitchmen to get the word out about his concoction to treat diaper rash...
Newcomers receive quick indoctrination Poster boys for jet lag, the newest Indiana Pacers quickly made themselves at home Thursday. Britton Johnsen and Tremaine Fowlkes were still a little woozy when they made their debuts against
Oracle Boosts PeopleSoft Bid to \$8.8 Billion Oracle lifted its purchase offer for PeopleSoft to \$24 per share from a previous bid of \$21.  quot;This price represents a significant premium to recent trading prices, and is in excess of the 52
ID BIOMEDICAL ENTERS INTO AGREEMENTS WITH LEADING US FLU VACCINE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ID Biomedical Corp. signed long-term agreements with three of the largest US flu vaccine wholesalers, causing the firms shares to climb 9.2 percent.
Worm Breaks Speed Record from Discovery to Life A new computer worm emerged on Tuesday which broke the speed record from the announcement of a security vulnerability in Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer to a full-blown virus that spreads in the wild.
Record industry sues fans for illegally downloading music from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A year ago, Brianna LaHara felt the full weight of the American music business when the terrified 12-year-old was accused of illegally swapping songs online and forced to pay \$2,000 (1,175) compensation.
American Hits Wrong Target, Loses Gold Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Matthew Emmons is a trained accountant  but he got his numbers terribly wrong on Sunday.
EA in exclusive NFL games deal Computer games giant Electronic Arts signs exclusive agreements with the US National Football League.
Apple blocks music sales to older iTunes On Wednesday, Apple will stop allowing people running version 4.2 to purchase songs from the iTunes Music Store.  quot;As of today, customers will need to use one of the three most recent versions of iTunes -- 4.7
Gold Banc to Pay \$16M to Resolve Claims Gold Banc Corp., a banking company with operations in four states, has agreed to pay \$16 million to resolve claims that it charged excessive fees and inflated interest rates on federally guaranteed agricultural loans, the US Attorney #39;s office said Friday.
Business confidence dips in Japan Business confidence among Japanese manufacturers has weakened for the first time since March 2003, the quarterly Tankan survey has found.
New Target Price Could Make Google a Bargain By MICHAEL J. MARTINEZ     NEW YORK (AP) -- The e-mail that popped into my inbox early Wednesday morning was the latest in a string of surprises in Google's long-awaited IPO...
Merck #39;s stock rises despite cloudy outlook The big drug maker yesterday told Wall Street that the recent withdrawal of its Vioxx painkiller will dampen 2005 earnings even more than previously expected.
Federer thumps Roddick in Thailand Open final CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Swiss star Roger Federer captured his 10th tennis title of the year by defeating Andy Roddick in the Thailand Open final Sunday in Bangkok.
DenverBroncos.com ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- The Broncos emerged victorious on Sunday night, but came out of the 34-24 win anything but unscathed. Cornerback Lenny Walls could miss as many as four weeks due to the dislocated shoulder
IBM, Sun join with Microsoft on Web services event specification IBM, Sun Microsystems, and Computer Associates have jumped aboard in support of the WS-Eventing specification for subscribing to Web services-based events, joining original developers Microsoft, BEA Systems, and Tibco Software.
Belarus' President Announces Referendum (AP) AP - Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko announced a referendum asking voters to remove term limits so he can seek five more years in office, a change that will almost certainly isolate him even more from foreign governments that have condemned his authoritarian rule.
Kmart Names Yum Brands #39; Aylwin Lewis Chief Executive (Update5) Kmart Holding Corp. named Yum! Brands Inc. executive Aylwin Lewis as president and chief executive officer, replacing Julian Day, to reverse declining sales growth.
Sky-High Oil Price Down for a Second Day  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell from record peaks for a  second session on Wednesday as big-money funds took profits  from a searing rally on signs that high commodity prices are  finally starting to dampen demand.
Capriati Sidelined by Shoulder Injury (AP) AP - Jennifer Capriati dropped out of an exhibition charity match Saturday against Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova because of a right shoulder injury.
Sex abuse trials open on Pitcairn The tiny UK Pacific colony of Pitcairn puts seven men on trial for sex abuse in a case splitting local opinion.
Judge Is Set to Decide Oracle-PeopleSoft Battle The judge who will decide whether to block defenses by PeopleSoft against Oracle's hostile offer urged both sides to agree on what issues remain in contention.
YUKOS Cuts China Supplies, Oil Above \$46  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices broke above \$46 on Monday  after Russian oil giant YUKOS said it would cut some oil  shipments to China, the first toll on exports from the  company's financial turmoil.
IBM Launches Low-Cost Storage Server IBM (Quote, Chart) moved to undercut its rivals Friday by offering an entry-level storage server for about a third less than the street cost of EMC #39;s (Quote, Chart) and HP #39;s comparable products.
South African telephone monopoly to go ahead with lay-offs despite court ban (AFP) AFP - South African fixed line monopoly Telkom vowed to go ahead with plans to cut 4,000 jobs despite a court injunction forcing the state-run enterprise to seek agreement with the unions.
Stern and Letterman Get Sirius Stern has a date with Letterman tonight, and you can expect fireworks.
Bat Lifted by Higher Volumes and Profits British American Tobacco posted a 20 rise in profits today and said a business-transforming deal in the United States had shown early promise.
Microsoft in Tune with Digital Music Software giant Microsoft is casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice. The company unveiled its MSN Music
Bye-bye, floppy. It #39;s been good to know you If you #39;re a computer user, you may have several of them stacked on your desk. We #39;re talking about floppy disks - and they are pretty much becoming extinct.
Wall Street Jumps as Oil Prices Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks surged on Wednesday as  steep oil prices, which have held investor enthusiasm for  stocks in check for months, eased almost 5 percent after a  higher-than-expected rise in crude inventories last week.  NYMEX December crude &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CLZ4 target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CLZ4&lt;/A&gt;, which on Monday hit an all-time  high of \$55.67, settled \$2.71 lower at \$52.46 a barrel after  falling as low as \$52.10 -- more than a \$3 drop. Stock market  investors dislike high oil prices because they cut into  consumer spending and corporate profits.
Racism rears its ugly head Football #39;s authorities have called for renewed vigilance against racism in the game following the reported abuse towards Dwight Yorke at Blackburn.
Protein Design rises on Roche asthma-drug deal Shares of Protein Design Labs Inc (PDLI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose on Thursday after Swiss drugmaker Roche Holding AG (ROG.
Twins finish homestand with sweep Brad Radke pitched seven strong innings while Torii Hunter had three hits and three RBIs as the Twins knocked down the Indians again with a 7-3 victory Sunday.
Newcastle and Dnipro Win Third Straight (AP) AP - Newcastle and Ukrainian club Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk maintained their perfect records in the UEFA Cup group phase on Thursday to virtually guarantee a place in the knockout stage.
Typhoon Aere Strikes Eastern China Hundreds of thousands of people fled China #39;s eastern coast as Typhoon Aere hit the mainland after battering Taiwan. Aere came ashore in Fujian province, south of Shanghai, late Wednesday afternoon.
Wine.com to decant \$20 million in funding The online wine retailer ferments plans to improve its business and Web site for customers.
US holds most of Fallujah as fight goes on FALLUJAH, Iraq -- US forces have seized control of up to 70 percent of this rebel stronghold, US and Iraqi officials said yesterday, as American and Iraqi troops battled insurgents along the city's main street and confronted isolated pockets of gunmen who had slipped back behind US lines.
Powell #39;s Middle East mission COLIN Powell arrived in Israel last night for his first visit in 18 months, signalling a new push for Middle East peace following the death of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
Syrian Troops Start Redeploying Forces in Lebanon  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian forces started redeploying from  the outskirts of Lebanon's capital Beirut toward the eastern  Syrian-Lebanese border on Tuesday, Lebanese officials said.
HyperTransport consortium approves HTX expansion spec The HyperTransport Technology Consortium today announced the first HyperTransport technology expansion connector specification. The new EATX Motherboard/Daughtercard
Rowntree Admits: it #39;s Brilliant to Be Back Graham Rowntree still vividly recalls the painful Sunday morning when his World Cup dream was shattered, and admits to this day: You cant prepare yourself for a disappointment like that.
US Airways to Keep Flying Most Planes US Airways Group Inc. said Thursday has reached agreements with its lenders and lessors for continued use and operation of substantially all of its mainline and Express fleet.
U.S. CEOs' Confidence Slips Further (Reuters) Reuters - Confidence among chief executives in\the U.S. economy slipped for the second straight quarter,\private research firm The Conference Board said on Wednesday.
Royal Dutch/Shell Unifies  LONDON/AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Oil major Royal Dutch/Shell  Group said it was merging its Dutch and British holding  companies as it seeks to address failings that led to a shock  downgrade in proven oil reserves.
Saturn Moon Titan #39;s Landscape Alien, Familiar The solar system #39;s smoggiest orb appears to have landscapes both foreign and familiar, say geologists who are sorting through the first up-close peek at Saturn #39;s planet-sized moon Titan.
Hall-of-Fame announcer called baseball in DC com. The year was 1947. Harry S. Truman was just across the way in the White House. America was in a state of postwar bliss. And a young, dark-haired broadcaster named Bob Wolff was on
United Airlines to Cut Up to 825 Jobs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - UAL Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt;, parent of United  Airlines, on Friday said it would lay off up to 825 ramp and  customer service workers as the airline continues its fight to  emerge from bankruptcy.
HP strikes Blu note for DVDs, talks of fat storage PC buyers can look forward to DVDs with up to 10 times the storage when Hewlett-Packard debuts Blu-ray compatible machines.
LI firm #39;s cancer drug approved A breakthrough cancer drug made by a Long Island company won federal approval late Thursday in a major victory for cancer patients and the region #39;s budding biotech industry.
Stocks Seen Lower, Weighed Down by Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open lower  on Monday amid investor concern that high energy costs will  squeeze corporate profits and consumer spending.
'Eight dead' in Iraq car bombs Samarra is hit by its first major attack since US-led forces recaptured the town from insurgents three weeks ago.
Children's Place Pleases The retailer reports a 52 increase in earnings ahead of its Disney Stores acquisition.
The Travails of Annan For Kofi Annan, the widely respected secretary-general of the United Nations (UN), these are no easy times. He has for some weeks now been under intense pressure from the United States Congress to resign for
MGM has lofty plans for Strip MGM Mirage on Wednesday unveiled its largest building project ever, a multibillion-dollar plan to create a high-rise neighborhood on the Las Vegas Strip that keeps up with the city #39;s growing population and tourist trade.
Dollar is down, gold up in Europe The US dollar fell Tuesday morning against other major currencies in European trading. Gold prices rose. The euro was quoted at \$1.
Italy beats US Eagles Italy fought off a strong second-half comeback by the United States and won its rugby union Test 43-25 on Saturday. Flyhalf Luciano Orquera scored 20 points including a try, and winger
Time Warner #39;s profit declines NATIONAL COMPANIES The world #39;s largest media company set aside a \$500 million reserve in anticipation of settling government investigations into its bookkeeping.
Burundi rebel group ready to appear before international tribunal (AFP) AFP - The Hutu rebel movement which has claimed responsibility for last week's massacre of about 160 Congolese Tutsis at a refugee camp in Burundi said it was ready to appear before an international tribunal.
IBM claims fastest supercomputer title--for now New Silicon Graphics machine has a chance at giving Big Blue a run for the title.
Jets #39; solid showing bodes well for their future So the Jets lost a tough game at New England, 13-7. That #39;s no reason to believe they won #39;t be a factor in the AFC East race -- and perhaps beyond.
Crude oil price declines for fifth session Crude oil futures declined for a fifth session Thursday as a cease-fire in Najaf eased concern that shipments from Iraq would be disrupted.
Niners LB Peterson Tears Achilles' Tendon (Reuters) Reuters - San Francisco linebacker\Julian Peterson left Sunday's game against Arizona late in the\first quarter with a torn left Achilles' tendon.
Arafat #39;s medical records handed over The medical records of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat who died of multiple organ failure have been handed over to his widow Suha Arafat, who has got the file from the Percy military hospital in Paris, where her husband died.
Forwarding freedom The free use of the ballot box is the ultimate expression of democracy. We #39;ve had the right so long in this country that, sadly, many of us choose to use the right in a pedestrian, occasional fashion.
Kookaburras defend Pakistan pull-out Australian hockey officials have defended their decision to withdraw the Kookaburras from December #39;s prestigious Champions Trophy tournament in Pakistan.
Sorenstam rallies to beat Park Nothing like chipping in for an eagle at a crucial time to get Annika Sorenstam fired up. Sorenstam chased front-runner Grace Park for almost the entire tournament and finally passed her on the 71st hole, pulling away to a three-shot victory Sunday.
Get them caught, get 6 crores Pakistan on Wednesday offered huge rewards totalling Rs 6.5 crore for information leading to the capture of six most wanted terrorists linked to al-Qaeda, including a member of the banned Jash-e-Mohammad who is accused of masterminding two suicide attacks ...
UPDATE 1-Insurers bracing for severe Frances losses - S amp;P Hurricane Frances threatens to deliver a powerful blow to private insurers and reinsurers and could cause severe challenges for some companies, Standard  amp; Poor #39;s said on Friday.
Montreal Expos Will Not Move to Washington Major League Baseball #39;s plan to move the former Montreal Expos franchise to Washington DC appears to be falling apart. Washington Mayor Anthony Williams said Wednesday the deal was almost dead after the city
Oil price hits new high on Iraq violence In the SINGAPORE story headlined  quot;Oil hits new high on Iraq violence quot; please read in the 13th paragraph .... as its imports in the first seven ...
Samoa Worm Sperm Spawns Annual Fiesta Every October or November the reproductive swarming of an ocean worm known as the palolo is cause for a Samoan celebration. Fried in oil, baked into bread, or swallowed raw, worm sperm and eggs are a tasty treat.
British troops return to southern Iraq after mission near Baghdad LONDON - Hundreds of British troops returned to their base in southern Iraq yesterday, ending a monthlong deployment requested by the United States for an offensive in a restive region near Baghdad.
Ways to pass time between TD passes What's it been, something like 222 days between meaningful NFL games? What a stretch of misery, so totally demoralizing, each and every day without a pigskin party to attend.
Babelplex Multilingual Search Engine - the C3PO of Search Babelplex Multilingual Search Engine - the C3PO of Search\\I live in a bilingual household, well, make that trilingual. I'm an English speaker from the US and my wife is a dual Brazilian/Japanese citizen. I lived in Japan for 18 months and then spent about the same amount of time in ...
Prayers tempered by troubled times Each year during the holy month of Ramadan, Muslims abstain from food, drink, and sensual pleasures from dawn to dusk as they focus on prayer for Gods blessings and mercy.
Golf: Woods upset at Ryder post Tiger Woods says Mark O'Meara should have been named US Ryder Cup captain for 2006.
Beckham hopes to make injury return later this month LONDON English soccer star and pop icon David Beckham is hoping to return to the field later this month. Beckham is suffering from a broken rib and says he wants to begin playing for his Spanish league team next weekend.
Roundup: UCLA triumphs in season opener UCLA freshman Jordan Farmar gave fans a preview of his playmaking skills with a no-look, crosscourt pass to Ryan Hollins for a dunk late in the second half.
UK oil firm strides into N Korea Anglo-Irish oil company Aminex signs a 20-year agreement to develop North Korea's oil industry.
Gretzky Says Lockout Could Last 2 Years (AP) AP - Wayne Gretzky fears the NHL could be shut down for as long as two years if a labor deal is not reached soon.
Trojan programme exploits anti-spam sentiment Chennai, Dec.9: An alert for a data-stealing Trojan horse programme that installs itself on computers by offering to fight spam has been sounded on the Internet, the New Scientist news service reported today.
Microsoft Is No Threat To Google -- Yet In the past decade, searching the Web has grown from an academic experiment to a multibillion-dollar business. Microsoft has not been a player, being content to outsource its MSN Search service to rival Yahoo!
Bulldogs snap out of slump STARKVILLE, Miss. -- Jerious Norwood #39;s 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining lifted Mississippi State to a 38-31 upset of the 20th-ranked Gators (4-3, 2-3 Southeastern Conference) yesterday.
Google Steals a Page from Amazon #39;s Book Search Google Inc. on Wednesday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.
Fujitsu and Cisco Form Strategic Alliance SAN JOSE, Calif.  amp; TOKYO - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ec. 5, 2004  -itsu Limited (TSE:6702) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) today announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into
Tributes to tragic Gurkhas The London-based security firm which employed four former Gurkhas killed in a rocket attack on their compound in Baghdad have paid tribute to them as  quot;brave and professional individuals quot;.
Enough to make you flip Friday night came as close to an old-time local battle for viewers among Channels 4, 5, and 7 as we're likely to see. It was a throwback to pre-cable, pre-dish, and even pre-UHF days as the three local  quot;originals quot; served up a special night of sports programming. Although Red Sox-White Sox was on Channel 4's  quot;sister quot; station, Channel 38, it ...
Good health is key to Ferguson #39;s future The 18th anniversary today of the start of Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s Manchester United career requires no more significant reminder that every great reign depends on perpetual
Memos: Bush Suspended From Guard Flying WASHINGTON - Addressing questions that have lingered for years, newly unearthed memos state that George W. Bush failed to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, that he refused a direct order and that his superiors were in a state of turmoil over how to evaluate his performance after he was suspended from flying...
Cingular keeps some AT amp;T execs Cingular Wireless, which yesterday finalized its purchase of AT amp;T Wireless, said the company will be governed from four regional centers -- one of them in Redmond -- by a combination of its executives and those from AT amp;T Wireless.
Blair: Next Few Weeks 'Crucial' for N.Ireland  LONDON (Reuters) - The next few weeks will be critical for  efforts to clinch a new Northern Ireland peace deal, British  Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday.
Exide Battery Shares Slump to 6-Month Low  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Exide Technologies &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XIDE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;XIDE.O&lt;/A&gt;  slumped to a six-month low on Tuesday, a day after the lead  battery maker posted a wider quarterly loss due to dramatically  higher lead prices.
'The boat started shaking' The BBC's Rachel Harvey meets a fisherman in the Indonesian city of Banda Aceh who survived the tsunami.
Teams Eye Free Agents at Winter Meetings (AP) AP - Just down the road from the Magic Kingdom, major league teams toyed with trades and focused on free agents as the winter meetings began Friday.
Band Aid single poised for No 1 The new Band Aid version of  Do They Know It's Christmas? looks set to go straight to the top of the UK singles chart.
Saboteurs blow up pipeline in north Iraq Saboteurs blew up a domestic oil pipeline in northern Iraq on Tuesday, sending plumes of smoke leaping into the sky and forcing technicians to shut it down, officials said.
US Airways goes to court to void labor contracts US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) goes to court on Thursday to throw out labor contracts and union pension plans to save \$750 million annually and survive past January.
Family appeals for release of UK hostage The family of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage being held in Iraq, has made a direct appeal for his release to the militants who abducted the 62-year old-engineer.
Seagate ships 400GB PC hard disk drive Hard-disk drive maker Seagate Technology has started shipping a drive targeted at personal computers that offers 400GB of storage space, it said Tuesday.
Clutch performance by Nixon There was a time when they must have imagined sharing a World Series moment like this, but as teammates. Trot Nixon and Jeff Suppan. Both high draft picks of the Red Sox. Minor leaguers together. Their friendship blossomed when they each made it to the big club, promising talents for the folks at Fenway Park to cheer.
NL Wrap: Patterson's Homer Keeps Cubs in NL Wildcard Lead  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corey Patterson clubbed a two-run  homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Chicago  Cubs a 4-2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers in the National  League (NL) Wednesday.
Darfur peace talks in Abuja deadlocks over security, disarmament The African Union (AU)-sponsored talks to restore peace in war-ravaged Darfur region, western Sudanreached a deadlock again on Monday when negotiators of the Sudanese government
Stocks End Flat After Rates Go Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks finished flat on Wednesday  after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for a fourth  time this year and indicated it would keep its moderate  campaign of tightening credit instead of shifting to a more  aggressive gear.
Putin #39;s War If Putin Refuses to Change Course Russia #39;s Future is &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The bloody end to the hostage crisis in Russia leaves unfathomable human suffering. More than three hundred children, parents and teachers died in the gruesome 52-hour siege that began
Powell Reaffirms Commitment of U.S. Aid (AP) AP - Ahead of his firsthand look at the tsunami's devastation, Secretary of State Colin Powell said Sunday the United States has responded appropriately to what he called one of the world's greatest catastrophes.
France Faces EU Fight Over Tax Rates European Union officials Monday rejected a French proposal to cut funding to poor nations in Eastern Europe with low tax rates that tempt investment away from their richer western neighbors.
Woodgate Windfall Will Be Well Spent - Shepherd Newcastle chairman Freddy Shepherd has sought to reassure the Magpies fans that the money brought in by the sale of Jonathan Woodgate will be spent wisely.
Pakistan sweep nets bomb suspects Pakistan has arrested more than five suspects in a plot to bomb several high-profile targets in Islamabad, including the US Embassy and the official residences of Pakistan #39;s president, Gen.
Hynix Sells Non-Memory Chip Operation Hynix Semiconductor Inc. said Wednesday it has completed the sale of its non-memory chip operation to Citigroup for 954.3 billion won (\$827.
Europeans Easily Take Ryder Cup, Again BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Europe again proved to be the best in the Ryder Cup with its biggest romp over the Americans, as Lee Westwood ended any remaining suspense at Oakland Hills with a 4-foot par putt on the final hole to beat Kenny Perry on Sunday...
Cost Cuts Boost Kmart Quarterly Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts  made up for slumping sales, and its cash pile grew to about  \$2.6 billion.
White Sox trade Carlos Lee to Milwaukee for Podsednik, Vizcaino Carlos Lee was traded from the Chicago White Sox to the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday for outfielder Scott Podsednik, reliever Luis Vizcaino and a player to be named.
OS Update for Windows XP Service Pack 2 (KB884020) On a computer that is running Microsoft Windows XP with Service Pack 2 (SP2), programs that connect to IP addresses that are in the loopback address range may not work as you expect.
Employees lose jobs after NJ ballpark flap Greg Maiuro and Marco Cerino, public address announcer and scoreboard operator for minor league baseball #39;s Atlantic City Surf, lost their jobs Monday for poking fun at James E. McGreevey #39;s sexual orientation.
Court May Clear the Way for Cheaper Ink Lexmark suffers a setback in its fight to keep third-party ink cartridges off store shelves.
Ukraine government back to work as crisis eases (AFP) AFP - Ukraine's civil servants went back to work for the first time in weeks as the opposition lifted its blockade of government buildings and a political crisis eased following a compromise with the ruling regime.
Cubans say US remittance policy unfair MATANZAS, Cuba -- The photo on the living room wall shows a smiling young man on a palm-fringed balcony near his new home in Miami, just 90 miles from here. His aging parents and grandmother fear they may not live to see him again -- and they blame President Bush.
Ford to build new plant in Oakville: report TORONTO - Ford Motor Co. is reported to be on the verge of announcing a \$1-billion investment at its plant in Oakville, Ont. The company has decided to build a flexible manufacturing plant at the site, the Toronto Star reported Friday.
Games Business Needs Mergers, Price Cuts-Report LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Video game executives believe consolidation will be crucial to their future, but they also want further cuts to hardware prices to boost short-term growth, according to a report set for release this week.
Linux Poised for Takeoff The market for Linux-based products, including servers, PCs and software, will reach \$35 billion by 2008, according to a report from IDC.
Dow Up; Bin Laden, Election Cloud Outlook US blue-chip stocks finished higher on Friday, helped by gains in energy companies #39; shares, although investors showed caution before next Tuesday #39;s presidential election.
Five new moons for planet Neptune Five new moons have been discovered orbiting the giant planet Neptune.
Ft Aston Villa 1 Birmingham 2 Carter was booked for not retreating 10 yards at a free-kick but Birmingham looked to have weathered the Villa storm. The Blues started to come forward more, although Morrison was high and wide from 20 yards
Fiji agrees to protect UN in Iraq The UN says Fiji has become the first nation to offer troops specifically to protect its staff in Iraq.
China rears sporting head ATHENS: While India continued to wallow in the misery of a lone silver medal, it was euphoria for China as it celebrated its best performance at Olympics after sprinting home in Athens in the final few days of competition with an unexpected surge of gold
European Leaders Sign EU Constitution EU Commission President designate Jose Manuel Durao Barroso, top left, delivers his address in Giulio Cesare hall at the opening ceremony of the EU Constitution signing in Rome #39;s Capitoline Hill, Friday, Oct. 29, 2004.
Vandeweghe #39;s uncommon ways bear results From JR Rider to Nikoloz Tskitishvili to Dennis Rodman, Nuggets general manager Kiki Vandeweghe has raised many eyebrows with his moves.
Four Studios Give Backing to a Format for DVD's Four Hollywood studios announced that they would release films in the group's high-definition DVD format by the end of next year, an advance in the effort to define a new DVD standard.
De La Hoya-Hopkins is about more than the championship The holiday season generally arrives a bit earlier for boxing fans than for most, and this year is no exception as the fall fight season will soon be in full swing.
Jobless Claims Dip, Productivity Slows Fewer Americans filed jobless claims last week and worker productivity slowed sharply in the third quarter, government data showed on Thursday, hinting at better conditions in the country #39;s sluggish labor market.
UMC continues to grow faster than TSMC Growth at foundry United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) continues to outpace that at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), which ended its record-sales streak in September.
HP iPod launches today The announcement will be made at a news conference led by company CEO Carly Fiorina in Miami. The company will also unveil a range of products aimed at the consumer markets, including a 42-inch
Church #39;s Chicken has a new owner CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - AFC Enterprises Inc. said Monday it has inked a deal to unload the Church #39;s Chicken chain to a private investment group for \$390 million.
US Airways Flight Attendants Prepare For Possible Strike WASHINGTON -- The union representing flight attendants on Friday said it mailed out more than 5,000 strike authorization ballots to its members employed by US Airways as both sides continued talks that are expected to stretch through the weekend.
NATO still deadlocked on Iraq training role: Scheffer (AFP) AFP - Several NATO countries have voiced reservations about a proposal to expand the alliance's training role in Iraq, blocking an expected final agreement, NATO chief Jaap de Hoop Scheffer warned.
AL notables AL notables A brown squirrel ran onto the field in the bottom of the third inning at Jacobs Field in Cleveland and ran circles around the Yankees and Indians . After a brief delay, play continued when the squirrel ran out and settled down in center field. Several players smiled at the sight, and the squirrel was still out there ...
Suicide Bomber Strikes Afghan Capital KABUL, Afghanistan -- Police in Afghanistan said a suicide attacker exploded grenades on a commercial street in the Afghan capital, killing himself and wounding six others.
Lenders and U.S. Tighten Screws on Struggling Airlines The federal government, banks and aircraft lenders are putting the clamps on airlines, particularly those operating under bankruptcy protection.
AstraZeneca and CAT in research deal AstraZeneca is spending 75 million pounds to take a 20 percent stake in Cambridge Antibody Technology and boost its position in one of the fastest-growing fields of drug research.
SpaceShipOne named Time #39;s  #39;Invention of the Year #39; The first privately financed manned rocket to fly into space has been named Time magazine #39;s Invention of the Year. #39; #39;.
Marcus Gronholm out of the race he difficult road conditions created a few incidents in the first run of the Epynt stage. Francois Duval takes his second stage victory since the start of the rally, nine tenths better than Sebastien Loeb #39;s performance in second position.
Racers Rely on High-Octane Data For today's IndyCar drivers, risking their lives on over 200-mph turns isn't enough to guarantee a shot at victory. Racers also rely on sophisticated data-analysis software to constantly monitor their car's inner workings. By Patrick Karle.
Penalty Drops Earnhardt Out of First Place (AP) AP - NASCAR star Dale Earnhardt Jr. was knocked out of first place in the Nextel Cup by a slip of the tongue. Earnhardt was docked 25 points and fined  #36;10,000 by NASCAR on Tuesday for cursing during a TV interview after his victory at Talladega Superspeedway.
Global Arms Sales Drop Again, Asia Biggest Market  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Global arms sales fell for a third  consecutive year in 2003, dropping to \$25.6 billion from a peak  of \$41 billion in 2000, and Asia has overtaken the Middle East  as the biggest customer, according to a study released on  Monday.
NFL ROUNDUP Flutie Eases Back in After Knee Surgery an Diego Chargers quarterback Doug Flutie participated yesterday in his first full practice since having arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Aug. 5.
Romania Presidential Challenger Stolojan Quits Race  BUCHAREST, Romania (Reuters) - Romania's main opposition  presidential challenger Theodor Stolojan withdrew from the race  citing health reasons Saturday, dealing a severe blow to his  alliance ahead of next month's elections.
HP Profit Tops Lowered Forecast  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered  expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record  revenues in every business and every region.
Furcal shows no leniency for Astros Rafael Furcal could be in jail. Instead, he was at Turner Field on Thursday sparking an Atlanta Braves team desperate to avoid another October meltdown.
UPDATE 1-Werder come from behind for 2-1 away win Striker Ivan Klasnic scored twice as Werder Bremen came from behind to beat Anderlecht 2-1 away in their Champions League Group G match on Wednesday.
WEBSTER: Playing the England blame game The phrase it #39;s a marathon, not a sprint #39; is usually associated with the English Premier League. This saying now also describes World Cup qualifying, which has become a league of sorts in its own right.
Palmisano #39;s Vision in Remaking IBM IBM chief executive Samuel J. Palmisano has never been your typical suit. During his 31-year career at Big Blue, he has taken bold actions and broken with IBM (IBM ) tradition when it made strategic sense.
Too Good to Be True Baseball's back in Washington. So with that award comes an acceptance letter to highlight those efforts that made this dream come to fruition.
Reuters shares up on Instinet sale rumors LONDON -- Shares in Reuters Group PLC rose Thursday on speculation that its part-owned stock-trading network Instinet Group Inc. is up for sale.
Older Investors More Jittery as U.S. Markets Disappoint Older investors are facing tough economic realities as a result of the disappointing United States stock market this year.
Google Move Could Commercialize Libraries (AP) AP - The Internet company that famously promised to "do no evil" is on a new mission to digitize the collections of some of the nation's leading research institutions and establish a massive online reading room.
EU to appeal WTO sugar ruling  The EU is to appeal against a World Trade Organisation ruling that its sugar subsidies breach world trade rules.
Hypertension Hurts Brain Function in Young By Kathleen Doheny, HealthDay Reporter    Study finds hypertension erodes cognitive ability in those of all ages    HealthDayNews -- For years, experts have known that high blood pressure is related to poor cognitive performance in older adults and can lead to adverse changes in the brain.    Now, researchers report that young adults with high blood pressure are just as susceptible to decreased mental function as are older people are...
Schilling Needs Surgery Curt Schilling needs surgery on his injured right ankle, but the Red Sox hope he will still be able to pitch Game 5 of the ALCS on Sunday.
Humans Well-Suited for Running It may be hard to believe in these days of driving the SUV to the corner store, but people are actually pretty fast on their feet, and endurance running may have played an important role in human evolution.
Latham the brawler should know better HOW can you argue against attacking groups and individuals who want to plant bombs and kill innocent Australian civilians? Mark Latham believes he can mount and argue such a position (though he has given no coherent reason).
Poverty Up as Welfare Enrollment Declines Though the number of welfare recipients continues to decline, poverty rates -- particularly for single mothers and children -- have surged in recent years.
Intel devising chip line for consumer electronics com November 3, 2004, 12:14 PM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Kenya Anti-Graft Chief Resigns The chairman of Kenya #39;s Anti-Corruption Advisory Board has resigned, accusing President Mwai Kibaki of interfering in the board #39;s work.
Ape Learning Center Welcoming 'Students' DES MOINES, Iowa - Azy and Indah are heading to school this week - a unique experience for two clever orangutans whose classroom will eventually encompass more than 200 acres of lowlands, river forest and lakes. On Tuesday, the inquisitive primates will become the first residents of the Great Ape Trust of Iowa...
Leonid Meteor Shower Peaks Friday The Leonid meteor shower will peak on Friday in the early hours before dawn. Sky-watchers say long, glowing meteor trails will highlight the heavenly show.
Ford Posts Profit, Autos Disappoint Again Ford Motor Co. reported a stronger-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday, but losses widened in its core automotive business and the company #39;s shares sagged after
Verizon sets up home in Circuit City The wireless carrier will open showrooms in hundreds of branches of the retail chain across the United States.
Talks to resume in BA dispute Talks to avoid a crippling strike at British Airways will resume on Friday  with unions and the airline "hopeful" of reaching a deal.
Possible Blackbeard Ship Cannon Found (AP) AP - Underwater archaeologists have found another cannon from the wreckage of what they believe was the flagship of the notorious pirate Blackbeard.
Retailers seek to block textile limits A coalition of US retailers including Liz Claiborne and JC Penney filed a lawsuit Wednesday to block the Commerce Department from imposing curbs on imports of textiles and clothing from China.
Wal-Mart to open 18 more stores in China Wal-Mart plans to open 18 new stores in China by the end of next year, as new rules permit foreign retailers to expand into smaller inland cities.
Sun Rolls Out Solaris 10 Offering its new Unix-based Solaris 10 operating system for free  quot;is a critical development for Sun, quot; says Yankee Group analyst Dana Gardner.
EU ends 11-year sanctions against Libya The EU has ended 11 years of sanctions against Libya and eased an arms embargo to reward the country for giving up plans to develop weapons of mass destruction.
Radio Veteran To Head Sirius (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Mel Karmazin, the hard-charging broadcasting executive who left Viacom Inc. after clashing with chairman and chief executive Sumner M. Redstone, is taking command at Sirius Satellite Radio Inc., which will reunite him with longtime ally Howard Stern.
Gibbons on hot seat There were no fancy words or phrases tossed around yesterday by the man officially named the 10th manager in Blue Jays history. John Gibbons was never one for fancy talk either when managing the Jays on an
Mellor strike gives Liverpool victory A Neil Mellor strike in the 90th minute has condemned Arsenal to a 2-1 defeat at Anfield. The youngster struck in the second minute of injury time to pinch the three points off the champions after an absorbing contest.
Offensive Linemen May Be Steelers' MVPs (AP) AP - When the Pittsburgh Steelers vote for the team's most valuable player this year, a lot of ballots might be split five ways.
Iranian Hardliners Unhappy with Nuclear Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Iranian hard-liners are angered over a\deal Tehran has agreed with the European Union to suspend all\activities related to its enrichment program in a bid to end an\international standoff over its nuclear program.
In Another Reversal, Intel Kills 4 Gig Chip Leading chipmaker Intel revealed Thursday that it will not manufacture a much-ballyhooed 4 GHz version of the Pentium 4 PC processor.
Bush Taps Nicholson for Veterans Affairs (AP) AP - President Bush announced Thursday he was keeping the heads of the Transportation, Interior, Housing and Labor departments, ending the major shake-up that will put new faces on three-fifths of his Cabinet in his second term.
Stocks Inch Up After Durable Goods Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose modestly on Friday  after data showed durable goods orders for August, excluding  transportation orders, beat analysts' estimates, but oil prices  worried investors.
Fleet workers get pink slips STAFF WRITER; Staff writers Alan J. Wax and Regina Marie Glick contributed to this story. As Bank of America pushes ahead with its takeover of Fleet Bank, about 1,000 jobs were cut companywide yesterday throughout the Northeast, ...
Three Explosions Reported In Egyptian Resort Areas CAIRO, Egypt -- A string of explosions Thursday rocked the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt, where Israelis have been celebrating the end of a Jewish holiday.
